
                Ola advertise 5km for $5.00 what a ripoff from my house to the air port is 4.7 km. The Ola driver arrivedat my house the proceeded to take a long route(a route I have neve used). this route then proved to be in excess of 7km for which I was charged My wfe and i questioned the driver as to where he was going but we were ignored. To top it all the driver was driving at about 80 km/hr in a 50 zone. The nett result is, I  will not use Ola again and bad mouth them at any opportunity I get. I emailed Ola about a week ago to voice my concerns, they have yet to show me the courtesy of a reply. A RIPOFF
            
                Good ola has latest features and with lowest fares
            
                Was never picked up waited 5/10min tried to make contact issues using the app.. they deducted $17 from my account which they refunded then charged me $10 for cancellation fee, when i never cancelled useless have deleted the app.
            
                Driver overcharged me.i had to pay as I was alone.But old didn't refund even though I complained in app nor they took my call...even mail too no response.please don't use ola
            
                The driver cancelled the call out. Messaged him and dit not respond. Terrible terrible service!!!!!
            
                Tried to ride ola today, there was a coupon available for a cheap ride. After i arrived, the price hiked up suddenly 3x the price.I contacted customer support thinking that this was outrageous, and they refused to help me --- citing that i agreed to the price when I placed my order. Unhelpful, expensive lies. If you have to use ola, Take a screenshot of your order when you place it. I'm never riding again
            
                The driver first called me asking me to walk from the pickup point to meet him where he was. when i refused as I had several bags with me he did come. He then started following the gps suggested route as agreed.We were on the highway and ant the very last second he veered off the road onto the offramp. I then checked with him if he was all right, making such an abrupt move at 100kmh took me by complete surprise! he said yes and that the gps seemed to change at the last second. I suggested we return to the highway and he agreed but instead of doing so continued to drive away from the highway into the back streets, slowly zigzagging his way towards my house. at this point he was completely ignoring the gps.Once we got back to a major road approaching a traffic light the light changed to yellow, we were very close and could have comfortably made it though. instead he chose to brake abruptly sending my possessions onto the floor and prompting the car behind us to beep in frustration.After getting home my fair was sent to me and was 31% higher than quoted! I tried to follow this up with Ola but I cant find any way of actually getting in contact with someone. Only a support system telling me thanks for your feedback, the case is now closed.
            
                First ride was $5.60. Then after went to the same place twice and got charged 3 times the amount of the first. It's all lies, the coupons are lies and they take the longest route so that you get charged more. Therefore, the price and km estimates when you book are void because this is a scam 100%. NZ should ditch Ola.
            
                Do not use!!I was quoted £15 for a ride and they took £43 from my bank account!!  They are refusing to refund me because 'their system won't allow them to do it' and just make it incredibly difficult to speak with them - going around in circles.
            
                Well, after several times using Ola without a problem I suddenly had one of the issues that a lot of other people here have been complaining about.  In my case the fare at the end of the ride was suddenly 2.5 times the estimate that had been provided and double the most expensive I have ever paid for a trip that I do regularly.  No explanation.  The trip took no longer than normal.The worst thing is that Ola deliberately make it almost impossible to make contact with them.  And by the way, if your ride was 2 days old or more - there is no ability to get it put right.  And by the way - the email address listed for Ola below?  Don't bother with it - it doesn't exist.Ola will be one app that is coming off my phone.
            
                Ola and Uber cabs for both,In this pandemic situation and lock down u ppl are supposed to help and not to charge extra for the rides...u ppl are taking advantage of this pandemic situation... Where is the humanity gone?  Where is all ur politeness gone...
            
                app messed up double charged for 2 journeys and never got to my destination. Not my fault so I am not paying. Avoid!
            
                Worst experience ever, I had due of 500rs, they have been calling continuously for the payment clearance I told that I have tested covid positive and my family too once I get rid of that i will come back to them. But this buggers calling me in the early morning 3 30am even after informing. I am not getting sleep even my bro after that call. Is this is how they behave to customers. I need back my all money until today how much paid for them. Worst experience ever.
            
                Terrible service. Been waiting 15 minutes for the nearby driver to confirm my booking and ended up canceling. It’s funny that they changed me every single time that I tried to rebook.
            
                Ola team, this is for your information that your company people who drive the the car don't know how to behave with girls. The name of the person is Khalid Hussain and CRN number was 5353054801...on the full day of the ride he threatened me for giving 800 INR instead of 450 INR while booking the cab the amount was shown to me as 450 INR and when I reached my destination also he threatened me and used abusive language with me so that I can get fear of him and handover the amount of 800 INR. Also I asked to Police for help !!I request you to avoid such kind of mental people from your company and hire people who know how to treat with their customer.
            
                First of all, I was charged exponentially big amount than I supposed to be paying. Delhi airport to Ajmer where my house is 387KM but the OLA magically increased it to 487KM, and charged me INR 11009 which is a lot because I travel from ajmer to Delhi airport IT CAN NEVER BE 487, so OLA APP is Deformed and they are making fool out of people.Then the driver had CNG ISSUES in his car he took me two different gas stations where he couldn’t find the CNG but we waited 40 minutes just at gas station(CNG). He said you will get your money back in your OLA ACCOUNT.The cab itself was a flop show the OLA APP gave false promises that your cab will be with luxury features I could hardly sit in there my luggage was on the backseat and it’s a CNG CAR SO NO POINT I CAN KEEP MY LUGGAGE IN THE DIGGI.OlA SHOLD NOT FORCE TRAVELLER TO HAVE SIT IN THE CNG CARS IF ITS OUTSTATION AND CHARGING STUPID FEES.the meter at the beginning of the trip showed meter reading    :       214661kmTrip end reading:       215048KM If you do math it’s :  387kmBUT OLA math said it’s 487KM they added 100km extra from somewhere no one knows.I was charged for extra time. First of all the driver ran out of CNG and made we wait 40 minutes each time every time he took me to different different CNG stations.It was the most pathetic experience I have ever had in traveling with OLA.Since the beginning the driver had no clue what he was doing.The cab stunk like tobacco as the driver was kept eating and the whole messed up. The car dint have AC and the driver kept the windows open till the whole trip. I asked him to turn it down but he dint turn the AC on.I just want to know why that happened. For sure this was my last and final trip with OLA ever and I will spread the word so no one should travel with OLA.I want to be called by OLA and solve this issue. Give me my money back.
            
                Cheap and cheerful is far from the truth! Ola is possibly worse than Uber! I booked a car for a 0.99 mile journey (3mins drive from where I was) at £3-£4 which confirmed my driver was 3mins away, waited 4-5mins still no car. Went back onto the app but the car was no longer there, I didn’t want to book again as I didn’t want to be charged for 2 bookings. I used my other phone which showed the price for an Ola was £3-£4 for the same journey. While in the process of booking the price suddenly jumped up to £7-£12!!! How disgusting! I had no choice as it was pouring with rain and I’m also pregnant! I explained to the driver who was also appalled by the price! I then checked again on my other phone to see that my original driver cancelled and the price had gone down back to £3-£4! The customer service is terrible as you can’t actually communicate with anyone... You get a generic computer response as to why you've been charged that price. The hygiene of the drivers is unprofessional, the cars are always filthy and a lot of them drive like they haven’t even had a driving test.
            
                The absolute worst service I have ever received doesn’t even deserve 1*, waited 15 mins only for my driver cancel last minute and I got charged for the ride! Upon calling customer service they claimed it was because I “refused to wear a face mask” when I hadn’t even met the driver!!! He never arrived at the pick up point! Explained the situation further and told them he never got to my location and this is an absolute lie! I get cabs every day and I’m always wearing a mask. They were absolutely useless and claimed “the system does not allow” them to process a refund! Very very frustrating. Spoke to about 5 different people including managers and they all repeated the same thing like robots. Ended up getting robbed of my money and wasted a whole lot of time and energy, never using this trash service again! They reduce their customers to 0 and are absolute thieves.
            
                Do not bother yourself. Don’t waste any space on your phone for this absolute bullshyte app. Every time I placed an order for a cab I would be left waiting 10 minutes or more then the driver cancels. Some times you don’t even get a notification telling you your driver has cancelled.
            
                I booked an Ola cab home with my child and the driver cancelled saying I was not wearing a face mask yet the driver never came to me. The second ride I booked the driver pulled up into the middle of the road blew his horn aggressively and tried to get me to come out into the road while holding a bags, a baby and a scooter. My issue was resolved in real time. I have been trying MONTHS to resolve this with several texts requesting payments for rides I DID NOT TAKE.  Today Ola has charged £15 onto my card. No apology a £15 voucher that disappeared on a £3 ride. Who do I complain to?
            
                I was charge too much and my discount did not go through- I raised the issue online or in the app but there is no reply- it seems no one care especially as a new customer.Poor service, promotion and discount do not apply as it is advertise or posted - I am not very happy with this particular new cab service or you call it OLA.
            
                I can’t stand the tv ads for this cab ride business. The cab turns up early before the customer is ready which creates stress and mess. I will never use this cab ride company because I’d hate it to turn up before I’m ready to leave.
            
                What a bad company even to employees, customer service is appalling
            
                I will never ride a Ola cab, deleting the app.The driver who was wearing a dirty mask and was charging me triple the Fare. Fare was Re 374, the diver was charging Re1200. Ended up paying Re 700. Bye Ola Amigo
            
                Yeah the previous reviews speak for themselves and I have now deleted the app as customer service is not a priority for this app.
            
                Don’t bother. Stay with Uber. There App is currently acting up and taking drivers the long way. You can’t complain because when you call it tells you to complain in the app but when you do it tells you the fair is correct. My driver went on the motor way and added an extra 8 mins to my journey. Tried to sort it out and can’t because of the app and the ‘24’ hour service line that doesn’t support customers. I have been billed about £8 more than normal bare in mind this is my normal route. Won’t be using you again if this is what you plan to do to customers I rely on taxis  too much for you to be overpricing for no reason.
            
                Extremely poor service. Initially the wait time will show 4 mins and once booked it keeps increasing. You end up waiting for more then 15 mins and the routes provided to the drivers and the longest possible one so that they can make more money. When you try telling the drivers the shorter route they don't want to even listen they tell you they are following the map.The price keeps increasing as well firstly they will show u a lower price and when you try book it will fail to connect and then the next min it's has increased to double the the price and sometimes even more. You guys really need to work on you service and the conduct of drivers. It's pathetic.
            
                The worst! You will have a bad experience and all you get is bulls*** emails and phone calls that will pretend not to hear you properly. You try to ring them and all the automated voice will say is you have to email them. Freaking scammers! Will never use again!
            
                Absolute scammers. Prices are through the roof. You book a cab and no one will except so you try again and the price has doubled. Defiantly done on purpose to bleed more money out of us.
            
                Worst horrible n fraud is not the word to explain the experience that I've had with ola n it's fare services. More than 20 times have faced difference of fare amounts and have charged horrible. Nvr would like to recommend ola at all. Bad worst and horrible etc etc etc
            
                Horrible. Bad service. Totally fraud. And they charge double and then don't refund. I recommend never book Ola service. No any customer service. Every one is fraud in ola.
            
                Horrible. Bad service. And they charge double and then don't refund. Agar zero ya negative rate hota to wo bhi deta
            
                Worst experience ever. Tried to steal my money and charged me for a ride which never picked me up. Online complaints were discarded by Ola and now they are harassing me via their debt collector.
            
                If I could give this company zero stars I would. Avoid this company at all costs. I booked a journey but the driver cancelled the ride. I then booked a second driver, was collected and dropped off at my destination. I then realised that I had been charged for the cancelled journey. I called the customer service to discuss this and was advised that the driver cancelled the journey because I was not following covid regulations. I was wearing a mask so I am really not sure why the driver cancelled the journey. Also if I were not following covid regulations why did my journey with the second driver go ahead? I asked the Ola customer service representative for a refund, which he refused to do instead he advised as a goodwill gesture he will put a voucher on my account. I am really struggling to understand how this can be deemed as an acceptable resolution and classed as a goodwill gesture given that the error was on their part. I then asked to speak to a manager. I was advised some-one will call me within 4-6 hours. This did not take place. I called back the next day and was advised some-one will call me within an hour. This callback also didn't take place. I then called customer services the following day and was advised some-one will call me back soon. I think it is very clear to see that their customer service is pretty poor. I would even go so far as to say that it is non-existent. I am now getting a refund through my bank and will be speaking to a local trading officer about my experience. How is this company even in business? Again avoid this company at all costs.
            
                The worst customer service I have ever received. I was dropped off at the incorrect location and charged for the trip. It is not possible to lodge this sort of complaint via the app and I needed to send an email. I was told I was charged the correct fare. When I disputed this email, I received the same copy and paste response as their last email. No refund or further investigation or explanation. Uber on the other hand would have refunded the trip immediately. Would never use this company again and I strongly recommend that you don't either!
            
                Travel mafia -Company ruining drivers and customers life. Please dont use ola services. Which is using Rowdies to run Ola Company.
            
                Ola have tried to take me for a fool. I do not recommend this app at all, the customer 'care' team on the phone and via email have been absolutely terrible too and have robbed me of my money!!this saga began as the driver who accepted my ride drove past me as I waited at my location/ designated pick up point off the main road.  Where i was, and the address in the app was all correct and matched.I waited patiently with my mask on in the freezing cold and feeling extremely fatigued as I literally saw the driver go past me. (All of this is recorded via GPS on the app)I messaged the driver telling him he went past me, and to please turn around to pick me up at the correct place. The driver messaged back saying he can't pick up on a main road - however, i was not on a main road and neither was the pick up point. This did response made no sense. Instead of simply turning around, the driver cancelled my ride charging me a £6 fee for 'violating covid-regulations'. this action is petty, clearly the driver didn't take my basic request for the actual service I am paying for: of picking me up where i was!I phoned the 'customer care' line which was a complete waste of time. The 'advisor' refused to refund my money or even take me seriously, gaslighting me by telling me i was 'breaking covid violations'. I literally had a mask on as i waited at the EXACT spot the driver was to pick me up from. Instead of doing the right thing and refunding me, the 'advisor' talked about how the 'system won't allow a refund' which is clearly a lie - then he sent me a £6 voucher code expiring within a month! This is not the same as putting the money you have stolen out of my bank account under false grounds! I also said i had no plans to take another ola within the next month, (or ever again lets be honest!) resulting in the voucher being of no use whatsoever!I then emailed this complaint to their 'customer care' team- which has been another fiasco. Fobbing me off and refusing to refund me, or even take my complaint seriously. I replied, asking them to describe their 'evidence' of their made up false accusation of me not 'following covid regulations' and i also asked them to check the app GPS to see the proof of the driver literally driving past me and not being at the pick up point. Predictably, i have not received a reply to this email. I have sent 2 subsequent follow up and have heard nothing back. They are ignoring my complaint. I was waiting, on a street corner at night, heavily fatigued and i just wanted to get home. I can't take public transport due to the health risks and travel bans, and OLA has no sense of service or moral compass.
            
                Exceptionally bad app!! It did not apply the discount code which I logged at it. Sent the driver on the other side of the block, which cost me at least a few more minutes ride. Never getting again!
            
                Driver drove off with my belongings as I was taking them out, was absolutely disrespectful keeps hanging up the phone when i callhim for my belongings. Completely stole them and went away.
            
                Awful company. 20 minutes after signing up and using my account to pay, £161 came out of my bank into a “GoFndMe, Help India” which is obviously a front. Luckily my bank was able to help me, but they also managed to sneak another £162 before my card was cancelled. It was the only thing I have signed up to for weeks, so you cannot tell me it’s just a coincidence.
            
                Very bad service from ola I use it almost everyday and long journeys. Today I took a cab ride which was suppose to take 40 mins but took an 1 hour 10 and wanted to book second drop for my brother to get to work and the driver drove off so my brother was late to work. Driver didn't even know where he was going and driving off after first drop was Completely uncalled for after making my brother late and me late. Worse experience ever. On top of this I lost hours at work. Will demand explanation for this.
            
                Maha baiman company, customer ko lutthe hi. Cab driver cancel kerta hi paisa customer se lete hi. Chester ...Cheeter.... Dont go for OlA.
            
                i just complained about a driver that tried to run me over they blocket my Account 🤣😂 yeah any Woman  Aviod OLA taxi at alll cost!!!!
            
                i booked cab mandhana to kanpur cetral on 31/03/2021 but driver cancelled booking last time without any information. i am reached  and wait...ola very bad service provide..
            
                Pathetic service, they impose irregular fare  charge and complaint tickets are never resolved!!
            
                I took a 2 hour outstation drop ride starting at around 545 am. The extra charges were as under:Additional Time Fare* (for trip exceeding one hour), 1 hour x ₹100/hour = ₹100Night Time Allowance: ₹200 x 1 night =  ₹200Driver Allowance: ₹250 x 1 day = 250So I am charged night time time allowance + day time allowance + an extra hour for a 2-hour drive?? All this in addition to 18 Rs/km for 95km!! Why do I feel like I am being totally overcharged??
            
                Always shows route goes from long.. instead short. Toll charges &amp; parking fee charges shows later after drop at the location. Very bad experience. Driver always ask to pay on personal number instead pay to ola.
            
                The driver demanded extra money from me and the company customer care also dint help me out..nonsense ppl and drivers its not safe driver was v rude ..i had actually taken outstation ride and extra money was demanded by the ola driver and fine i paid fr toll tats completely okay but extra on bill i was demanded and no good response from the company customer worst worst worst care ever
            
                A very bad is Ola app I have a complaint about your driver of Ola auto we booked  and he has confirmed the booking and after that said he will not come and when we told to cancel he was not cancelling he wasted our time and spoiled are mood too .
            
                This is to inform you all on 13-03-2021 i booked Ola rental package (CRN- 5264540959) for 04 hours in 649rs. My ride completed in 39.8km in154 min. According to package my bill was 649 + 59.32 taxes . And Ola charged me 908rs. They charged 200rs extra from me and which was totally fraud by Ola. I put a mail to them but no one responding my mail. Its not expected by such a reputated company.
            
                Recently started with drivers taking up elongated route and charging high.
            
                Very Poor Service, No COVID guide getting followed. Driver is rude , almost all driver asks after booking to cancel and give some extra money to drop to the destination. Paretic complaint handling ,,, no response n
            
                I believe ola should start special ride for pregnant ladies. Where they should allow drivers to such drivers who extremely careful while driving. In India everyone cannot effort 4 wheeler during pregnancy a lady would like use  comfortable and safe mode of transportationThey do a advertising where people should get to about it.
            
                I used Ola Service in 2018 and the phone number was now used by someone else becz i leave india and moved to Uk at the end of 2018 . Now someone who using Ola service and my previous indian mb number they send the email to me about the trip . whats going on atleast you have to update your database which person is using your services and you sending email to me . I am Uk From last 2 years and received these email .
            
                Booked, watched the driver go the wrong way, I contacted him to ask why he was going a different way and he cancelled the ride and kept the money. Such a scam!
            
                It's biggest froud. Not response to customer service. It's cheet of every person.
            
                Approach Consumer Court for Olacab frauds.
            
                They charged me Rs.100 for cancelations unnecessarily.  I requested customer support to remove this fare but I paid the money forcefully as I was unaware of it and already booked the ride. Worst experience with you. Never gonna use your application again in future .uber is better than you they never charged more than rs.20 for cancelations.  But maybe you can make rs.1k for cancelations someday. Not at all co operative .Uninstalling ur app forever.
            
                Sir when I ask your driver why to add waiting charges he abuses me.      Kindly i request you Please do something he insulted me. I have recording with driver talking
            
                Lanjakoduku Rs 50 extra vesaadu without intimating.
            
                Driver did not arrive to pick up as promised. He kept postpone and caused me can not catch up to bus to Sydney from Canberra in the morning. Will not use Ola again.
            
                Their location logics are super flop while billing a customer just 10 mtrs ahead and charges are extra 30 rs
            
                I’m also Ola driver base in U.K  we ment to get paid every next day for rides you do bt now I haven’t been pay for last 3 weeks rides there’re bunch of liars thieves they don’t care about there drivers or riders I don’t recommend anyone to ride or drive with them pour customer service they shouldn’t be allow to operate in U.K
            
                Ola driver refused to switch ON AC from Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport stating that no driver switches on AC from Airport. Also emphasized that if it's an online payment then cancel your ride. Charged 200 Rs extra, ola's customer care did not respond.
            
                It's not just customers who are fed up with ola .I am a driver for ola we should be paid next day for the jobs we due but its been nearly two weeks and I haven't been paid .Ola should be ashamed of their conduct and people use another company these guys are lairs and cheat!!!
            
                I had a horrible experience with Ola. My customer ride number is CRN5248168037I was traveling alone and had to go to Apollo Gleneagles Hospital. I gave the right location but the driver dropped me off at a completely different location. I tried calling customer care almost 10 times but I couldn’t get connected. I even raised a Security concern from the Ola app during the ride but I got a call back from the Security desk almost 1 hour after my trip ended. After the driver dropped me at a totally different location I had to pay him ₹250 and then had to take another cab to reach my destination. Later when I finally got connected to the customer care agent she said they can’t do anything if the driver dropped you at the wrong location it is Google Map’s fault not theirs. I said I want a full refund because this is their App’s issue but she said we can’t give you anything and started shouting and arguing with me. I am never booking an Ola again and would advise everyone to do the same.
            
                No cooling at all. Useless ride from Goregaon to virar. Waste of money
            
                I had a ride taken which was out of station from Hyd-Wgl. In the midway of the trip i made a payment on the app(Rs 2500) and my price is changed once i got down(Rs 3500 extra 1000) which was explained due to the tolls and all. Once the driver(Nelakanti Srikanth) dropped me off he asked me to pay the whole amount in cash not just the balance and he will cancel my earlier online payment and i will get the money back in 2 days as he needs money to refuel the petrol and go back to Hyd. I felt his point made sense and paid 3500Rs in cash to him its been 3 weeks and i havent received my money yet and whenever i create a ticket they say they spoke to the driver and he told he didnt take any additional cash. I am robbed off 2500 rupees and everyone is lying in here. Its so pathetic that the driver(nelakanti Srikanth) mentioned that he didnt take any extra money when he actually did. I am sure everything will be seen by God and he will be punished accordingly for cheating people. My suggestion to everyone is never take a Ride with Ola and even if you had to make sure your driver isnt Nelakanti Srikanth who is a cheat
            
                Never use this cab company,toke money out of my account for no reason,and it toke 7days to get my money back.am deleting the app off my phone 🤬🤬🤬
            
                I'm not one for complaining but the driver today took the mick.In short, he decided to take the long and wrong route, which made my commute time longer and I got charged extra. He did say sorry but I was a bit upset about it.But the horrible part was just trying to get in touch with customer care.If I went to support on the app and clicked on payment discrepancy options, it would show me why I got charged that much and thats it. It gave me no option to escalate it.I then tried escalating my complaint on the website but there was issues logging on the website. I then managed to find a way to contact them by googling it, which is through the 'I did not ge the offer discount' section on the app.All in all though. The customer experience was horrendous and I do not know how a company like this exists in UK, and they shouldn't deserve to operate if this is how they run things. Go uber.
            
                Ola cabs are a bunch of thieves who take double the amount of money out of your acc an hold onto one lot to collect interest for them selves while you get charged for your acc being overdrawn would never recommend them to anyone
            
                One of the worst taxi ranks ever ... With there Satanist driver and you think in no way in hell I'm going to tolerate any driver rudeness when u not paying me I'm paying you get your brain right and correct mates!!! Racist firm had the worst experience ever the taxi man was so rude he is trying to talk down to me , physically drag me out the car, tried to d try crash into the post , then had the audacity to throw threats at me and tell me he ain't moving unless I shut the f*** up and put my mask on , threating me all the way home.   .... Hoe have u got employers like that , that can be rude then he had the audacity to not drop me to my destination instead try drop me to the police station .... Because what I told him that do not go this route when you can easy go that way, trying to drive around in circles over 4.9 miles away when my destination is 3.6 miles .... Your on your own schedule mate not mine, do not try make it look like u knee the route when I had to tell you where to go and I asked u of you knew Birmingham area you said no but as I Wass explaining you continued driving and stopped the car, physically try to drag me out on one dark road and then try drive the car in a lamppost to try KILL ME!!!!! IF YOU EVER TRY TAKE MY LIFE AWAY TONIGHT BY YOUR WRONGS KNOW THAT MY GOD IS WATCHING!!!! HE DOES NOT SLEEP!!!! THATS WHAT YOU CALL DEMONIC SATANTANIC PEOPLE TRY TAKE YOUR KINDNESS FOR WEAKNESS ....IF I WAS THE SAME COLOUR AS HE WAS I BET YOU WOULDN'T TRY TALK TO ME THE WAY YOU DID , WOULD YOU?????. Guys I suggest you don't I repeat do not get taxi from this firm you have drivers that threaten and will try kill you!!!!! Trust me!!! My experience with one of the worst bloodclart taxi ranks ever... Never again................EVER SEE A TAXI MAN IN WITH BLUE MASK ON IN A DARK GREY MERCEDES IN THE BIRMINGHAM AREA THAT IS HIM!!!! HE WILL KILL YOU OR THREATEN YOU !!! HONESTLY AND PHYSICALLY DRAGGG YOU OUT THE CARR TOOO!!!WATCH OUT BIRMINGHAM, THERE IS SOME EVILL DRIVERS OUT THERE THAT WANT TO TAKE YOUR LIFEEEE!
            
                If I could leave "-1" I would!! Driver dropped us off 30-40 mins walk to the destination!! And we had to walk!! We missed our booked activity which worth $220. Tried to place a complaint, got a very rude call back and never been refunded $19!! Uninstalled the app and will never use them again. Crap!!!
            
                ITS A SCAM!!!they take money from your account before you even get a car and then they double charge you and never refund the money, drivers also accept trips and dont show up so you have to cancel and they take more money out of your account big scam
            
                0 star.  Deiver didn't turn up for 15 min.  I cancelled and booked for another driver but l got charge both.  No refund.  Bad service.
            
                Haven't been able to get a driver to accept a fare, any day, any time, always just looks for hours till i'm late for everything.
            
                Ola is very cheating app. Dont use that please. After our booking, driver is not responding, they ask customer to cancel ride. Ola app increasing fare amount each ride due to cancelation. Don't use Ola.... Cheating app
            
                One of the worst service, charged extra amount and said they will refund but not they are not responding to call or email. Please don't use their service
            
                The worst app ever. I had booked a cab for some amount and while boarding the driver asked me to change the payment method. During the drop the amount had got increased by 200 rs and the moment i was about to see the original fare it showed that the ride has been cancelled already however i took the complete ride and had made the payment as well. When i complained about this issue the staff behaved so wierd, and told that there is a fault at my end, i cancelled the ride. Will never recommend ola
            
                I have been taking Ola auto... all the drivers ask for extra money than it is charged.Really bad. Pathetic service.Even my colleagues face the same problem.All drivers invariably ask for extra money and today i paid Rs.25 more than my bill.Ola should correct it.
            
                Not reliable in Cairns, drivers always cancel
            
                Just don't use them. They support their drivers to scam customers. It is nigh on impossible to get through to 'Customer Support' (misleading title for what they actually do). Got charged a cancellation fee for 'not adhering to Covid 19 guidelines' which is weird, because on the app the driver drove around in a circle for 5 mins, never actually arrived at our pickup point and then cancelled the ride. So I am perplexed as to how he could have come to that conclusion when we never actually saw him! Back and forth with customer care and they're refusing to refund the cancellation fee.So after being inconvenienced by a waste of time driver, who has found a way around being liable for cancelling journeys, somehow I have to pay a fee?! Sticking to Uber from now on.
            
                SR 241633342 dt 13th January 2021, not resolved.  APP is not user friendly. Not able reach out customer care for any kind of urgency. I wrote this after using for many years. I booked prime sedan at Delhi Airport but they charged for prime SUV INSTEAD OF 415, I Paid 1145/- not able to contact customer care on this....
            
                Very unprofessional drivers. Its very difficult everytime i trevel to or from blr airport.  Usually atleast 2 drivers cancel the ride to airport. This time from airport at ola stand a driver with cab no. 7592 refused to take my ride. He made me wait then supervisor made me walker further and provided another cab. Supervisor was very rude when i tried raising the concern. He was offensive. We book cab for convenience but the experience is usually frustrating.
            
                I hope and pray u loose your London licence. U do not deserve a licence for the way u operate. Go away and never come back. U clowns can never compete with Uber. Useless as ever. 🧐
            
                To anyone thinking to OLA please be aware before using this cab service. Their prices are misleading. Uber might look expensive but at least their pricing is very transparent and there are no hidden charges that gets charged after you have completed your ride. I had to pay 32$ for a ride that was estimated to be max 17$. After inquiring with support  I was told the original price was estimated to be 28-35$ which was not true. I would have never booked it if it was that high. PLEASE don't use it. Use Uber instead you will be better off with uber. I am from New Zealand so this review is for NZ customer. I have uninstalled the app now don't want to ever use this company. No negative star so giving them 1 star. Bloody Crooks.Also, NZ customer if you have also faced the  price hike please raise this issue with the Commerce Commission so that this company gets reviewed. It is not about money it is a about the principle of it.  I will be doing the same.
            
                Fraud cunning company ola is a lier company never book ola cabs they show different rate and after ride completion they charge more bad company bad company bad company
            
                I wish I could give negative ratingsI tried to clear my ola money postpaid dues of rs480 which was deducted 2times from my account but was never credited to my ola account. Drivers always cancel rides NO CUSTOMER SERVICE NUMBER TO DISCUSS THE ISSUE. Pathetic I'll never use this app again.
            
                Originally I had agreed a fare of 13-16 dollars this was accepted then cancelled by one driver and then no one would accept the booking after then as soon as the price jumped shock the taxi was accepted I have proof of this.It infuriates me, you want to compete with Uber taxis yet it’s mismanagement and drivers playing the waiting game, honestly I used Ola due to help them compete as I have previously worked for Deliveroo and competed against Uber, but when things like this happens it feels dishonourable and would not recommend to anyone.This is second time I’ve had an issue with ola, first one I put down to an individual but it seems it’s inherent with the drivers, previously one called me to ask if I was going into or away from the city and when I said away led him to cancelling the booking.Im now thirty forty dollars from the original pricing it’s false advertising.Also I feel as though they convince you to try and take tolls working on the road I know it’s a minutes difference but a 7 dollar charge if I use tolls, luckily from experience I know this I feel as though many individuals wouldn’t, but also this turns out was charged aswell!!!
            
                Please don’t use . Around all my friends had issues with 5 attempts payments . And unreasonable drivers cancel and charge me cancellation fee . And refund as voucher . Ridiculous policy.
            
                This company is so very bad I am not recommend it.
            
                I would like to travel with female bike riders is it possible?this ll be very economical convenient like employees like us.hopefully looking for the female bike riders as soon as possible. ( This is the real women empowerment)
            
                Dear sir/madam, I am a ola driver, I got a outstation from chennai to Bangalore on 26 jan afternoon 2 o clk I drop @ 1 o clk for cost of rs 5555 and m still waiting for a next trip from 27.01.2021 2 A.M till now time evening  7 .PM still not yet I received any trip at all .I tried to contact lots of time to your customers care but I can't reached . Total amount of ola rs . 5555/- Day by day petrol price also increasing.today 91 rs per liter 55551500 for ola comission 3000 rs for petrol0300 rs  for food we are spending for a day.500 rs for car maintenance 255 rs it's our 2 day income it's correct...my kind requst to you from all over the drivers  reduce your commission ..Thankfully
            
                I was booked ola cab from pune to mumbai,  my booking CRN no.  is 5150367894. After booking the ola driver cancelled the ride, but cancellation charge Rs. 150 put on me and when ever I am plan to next ride, he saying first clear the Rs 150 cancelled charges,  which is I was not cancelled. This is not a first time, many time happen with me. Ola service is worst service .
            
                I was offered discount and after the discount the bill was more than the  estimate given to start with .The car was dirty and late to arrive .
            
                Today afternoon I booked an Ola Auto ride but again n again it got cancelled...This is really disappointed....I guess Ola Company should charge penalty to those driver who just cancelled the ride because its a short distance ride as if it's free Ride....I would not Suggest anybody to download Ola App.... Total 5 bookings I got cancelled in 20 minutes....Very Disappointed
            
                Haii ola plzz lonch on ola auto's in anantapur dist andrapradesh...Ola auto's Helfull poor people...
            
                Such a bad management and zero customer service. My issue is pending with them for over 6 months and still they have not resolved my issue. Surprisingly they do not have proper communication channel, everytime their new representative call and ask for the same thing even if it is their on mail for over 100 times. Not a single manager from their senior division has called even after requesting to speak with department head. I was a regular user of ola but after this incident I would rate them "0" for pathetic management, service and support. They mislead you with information and threatens you if you do not agree to their statements.They should add more professional team in their front end and focus on customer service.
            
                Very hopeless app and not taking bookings...
            
                Worst cab experience of my life DO NOT USE these disgraceful people. There app stop accepting payment. They said it was my fault I went to the bank it was their. the fault. There idea of customer service is to bully and bully for payment when the problem is their end... It took me a month of trying and then 1 day miraculously it worked again. They accepted my card for multiply then said it was my fault the payment would not work. then changed the story saying they don't accept my type of card I should use another card or gpay. I said ok gpay. They never sent details for me to make a gpay payment nor did they ever answer why they didn't accept my card type when they had already accepted it multiple times. The worst customer service ever. only generic answers and bullying tactics to get me to somehow magically fix their app and make payment. despicable horrible company and experiecne. DO NOT USE!!!!
            
                Because of ola I have lost 1lakh amount, don't use ola it's too wrost
            
                Avoid at all costs. Uber is a safer bet. Drivers are able to cancel rides and still get paid with no repercussions. Their is no customer service, the number on their website doesn't work. This company looks like it's run from a shed in Birmingham. Please avoid.
            
                i work ola partner in australia . ola support team dont know how to talk with drivers.Rude team  3 months on wards they are solving my issue till now i didnt even get the proper result . when i am calling to ola support team they are lift the call and telling with in 24 hours we are going to activate your account after 24 hour same issue noting changes . very bad experience 😡
            
                Divers are cancelling the trip after booking, and the application is looting money as cancellation charges in the next trip. This is a big CHEATING by OLA.Single  * also can't be
            
                So... I actually worked for OlaCabs in the UK in the past - and what a shocking company to work for... Let's get some technical nitty-gritty stuff out of the way first:1) logging in to the olacabs website as a driver, and I'm REQUIRED to tick the box aggreeing to my number or data being used, so that I can be sent further materials or promotions or news in the future2) there's no way to use the Ola Driver / Ola Partner app with Developer Mode enabled on your device. I had hoped that this was going to be addressed, but 18 months later and it's still forced on people to disabled developer mode. 3) once you login online, there's no way to get a printout of all your completed fares, or a yearly summary for tax purposes.Okay - so now down to dealing with the company itself... If you've ever got a query or concerned about anything, contacting OlaCabs is pretty much useless. Their support have poor language skills, so a lot of the time don't even understand what's being asked of them. Both as a user and driver, I've had to contact OlaCabs Support several times just to get one singular issue resolved.When I first started working for them, they were renting office space, and trying to find which office was a nightmare, because there was nobody around from OlaCabs at the office - they were all in some waiting area with no signage to communicate that. Then I had an issue receiving my sign-up bonus, being told that the "offer had expired" essentially even though it couldn't have, as the dates depicted on their own advertisement cards to get more drivers had me doing everything correct, to the correct timescale. When things are working properly in the driver app, it seems to be fine and apart from what I can only deem as "random cancellations" (because I've seen the same customer at the same location attempting to request a taxi later on) I've not had many issues from that sort of perspective. But the DRIVER app needs an overhaul and development from a team that actually want to be part of this universal "competition" for being a company that provides taxi services to the public. Their USER app - for requesting rides - seems to be okay for the most part as it's been updated to be similar in end user experience to what Uber offer, but the Uber platform and everything about it is just so much better. My honest opinion? Pay a slightly higher price that features a bit more safety, and get an Uber. . . . As a final note, I would like to say that I've seen people give low ratings because "the driver took the long way round". There isn't an excuse for doing that deliberately, but most of the time drivers are following their GPS or taking longer routes that avoid congestion and traffic jams. Of course, people seem to have forgotten how to communicate, because passengers can always tell or show the driver(s) a better route. I guess the art of communication is lost these days. A lot of the time, people just want to get to where they're going - they don't want it to take excessive amounts of time or be extortionate, financially - but to make the complaint "they went the long way" when you don't say anything yourself is almost ironic.
            
                Took recent ride with Ola 2 days It has to be $5 plus shiwn on app for very short distance of less than 2km 3 blocks away just I have luggage with me. I complaint during the ride but the driver insisted and argrued that was my address and then shown my mobile. I assumed he realised he made wrong address on his gps with correct number street  BUT wrong suburb that ended with long route charged me $26 plus. He re-routed me but not admit his mistake.I complained on support app many times but did not bother not resolved and still charged me. Had always bad experiences with drivers often. Decided, removed ola and that will be my LAST and NEVER to OLA ever!!
            
                On 9th of Jan 2021 we booked ola n the fair showing to me was 1481₹ from Chatrapati Shivaji International Airport to Thane and the cab driver took 2075₹ from me n the  driver driver was arguing with us like talk to our customer care or head office.  The driver took us from off location from bkc n taken extra charges car number MH05 BJ 0850 . Wetried calling ola customer care office n no one was picking up the call and last one guy picked the call and he was answering like (sir what's your problem?) After that he told us wrong number. This was the worst experience ever .
            
                I called Ola for a 8 min ride from my local hight St to home. The cost was stated as just over £5.00. When I arrived at home half hour later I saw they attempted to charge me £27.04 claiming I took the ride from Kilburn to Dulwich!! If I hadn't had my banking app on my phone I would not have known!Called the support to be told"sorry" and made a slight reduction on the original fare cost.I made it clear "sorry" doesn't cut it when you place your card on an app and the company accesses your account with Fraudulent rides. Asked who regulates them and told No one.. Shocking.. I wonder how many other accounts they've raided!!Then, to make it worse they removed the Fraudulent ride appearing on my app info in rides.. And placed the correct info so leaving no documented trace!!They should loose their licence as its fraud!!BE WARNED PEOPLE...
            
                drivers of ola bike they don't give change back. if ride cost 62 they charge 70 saying that they have no change so give them change. and ask them not to beg and do their job sincerely
            
                Very very bad . From 45 min iam waiting  it's showing the min but driver canceled the trip  and he called me
            
                It's a sad case that the driver chose to take the longest detour to get me home. I had assumed that he was a nice guy because he was chatty and friendly and I didn't look at his route until I found myself in the opposite direction to where I was going.
            
                Terrible service. Booked one cab which was a simple 10 minute drive down one straight road. Driver took a 10 min detour around a different area, literally passing my original pickup before starting the trip to my destination to double the price. Complained to Ola and they just said "sorry" but refused to refund money - even though it showed on their GPS he had done this. 2 days later booked a cab which I was told would be $7-9 and they charged me $42.50! Refusing to refund me. Absolute scam, I will never use this company again. Never had these issues with Uber or Didi
            
                Really so cheap service they are just taking so much money from drivers please don’t attach cabs in Ola better leave that service they are so cheap
            
                I tried to order an Ola, the Ola couldn’t connect or find me a driver therefore that means no Ola was found. I cancelled the cab to find they took the full amount of money £22 even though they didn’t connect me to a driver. The fair isn’t showing on rides. So hopefully I get that released.
            
                If I could give it zero star would. First I was charged £7 for trip that was still loading on my phone over 10min later, the taxi wasn't even booked i tried to cancel no options. I couldn't wait so used uber instead. Same trip cheaper price and quicker to come get me. Was still late for my meeting . Thinking my money will bounce back but has not. Tried to claim it back on the app not working. No customer service to call. Will get my money back one way or another. Indian scam artist.  Freaking thief's of a company.  Based in India I was told. Big scam please everyone be aware, I only went to them because of getting 25% off first ride, even then the code kept saying invalid.  Unreal. Real scam i don't mind the 7 quid would have paid more, but one my cab was not booked literally showed searching for over 10min then I couldn't cancel, then you take my money.
            
                Scam company. disgusting.
            
                I carried out a job for Ola,They charged the rider £67 and did not pay me even a single penny.I’ve raised the issue with the concerned authorities like FCA and financial ombudsman services and will write to PCO as well.I will take this company to the court.
            
                How the hell are these people still in business????Zero customer service. I have not one positive thing to say! Very angry customer ghrrrrr!
            
                I booked ola cab for Mumbai location..after booking got confirmed driver called me asked about the fair and after knowing the fair they canceled the ride.
            
                i booked ola auto for my colleague...i paid through google pay during the ride and my colleague without knowing that had paid through cash again after the ride. driver took the money also. when called him on the same, he told he will call back and did not call back. post which his no went not reachable. i raised a complaint aswell but still not resolved. very bad service
            
                The driver was lovely and the journey was a quick one.  My issue is the hidden cost.  With Uber, it's a flat charge.  $38 is all I am charged.  But for me a $24 ride I was quoted to the airport got taken as $32 due to additional, hidden costs, like a booking and pick up fee.  If you are going to charge me those things, put it into the damn cost.  This is dishonest and unfair.  I don't mind paying it, what I don't like is that it wasn't in the upfront qoute for my ride.  I wish to be aware of what is being withdrawn from my account, not find out later when the receipt comes through
            
                Caar not reached on than I cancelled but ola still taking pending fees
            
                I am completely dissatisfied with the Ola service I have received. Your reviews on Google are a clear reflection of how you value customers as a series of 1 star reviews seem to be the normal rating for your services.I have a number of issues.I spoke to UJAN on the phone to complain about the unjustifiable jump in price CHARGED in comparison to the quote. Original charge quoted £6-9 which is what I booked at...and charged the day before at only £5 for the exact same journey...Then I get a message on completion of the journey of £18!That is a 3x price hike with no reasonable justification.Ujans reasoning on the phone was that there was not enough taxi cabs in the area. I saw at least 6 taxi cabs within a 200 metre radius and I booked it at a destination on a main road, where I even walked closer to the meeting point to make the pickup easier and drive literally on a straight road for no more than ten minutes. High demand of taxis cannot be a reason To charge 3x the price when there was multiple cars sitting and waiting on the roads for passengers, and especially as I know my area and where the taxi drivers sit and wait around, there was no inconvenience to any driver and no shortage of cars. A few weeks previous I had a series of issues with your driver's cancelling rides unannounced whilst in Birmingham trying to get to a work meeting. I was LATE to that meeting by over 30 minutes solely due to cancelled rides because of your driver's and lack of communication. Thankfully that was resolved and I was refunded a cancellation charge that your driver's seem to have a habit of doing outside of London, with no consequence. But the inconvenience that this app has given me each time I have decide to give it a chance is unacceptable.I have never been charged outside of the threshold with Uber or Kapten. Only Ola.I have also never had to deal with such consistent poor service in regards to misrepresentation of service.It is almost disrespectful that Ola seems to have a complete disregard to clients needs and concerns. Ujan was not helpful at all and to be honest had a tone that no client would be satisfied with having been charged a disproportionate amount.I will be complaining further to parties who can make sure your directors are aware of the misrepresentation and negligence of your staff and scam worthy technology. If this means going to press and community leaders who will investigate your operations further, then so be it. I have never used Uber and been charged an amount they make up out of the top of their head. So I refuse to use a new app like Ola and have you steal money from more clients and will make sure I share the message to others to avoid this all at all costs. I would never pay £18 for a journey I could take for £1.50 on a bus, £2.90 on a train or £5-6 using any taxi service. So for your company to deem it acceptable to not notify an individual and charge them an inflated price is quite frankly unethical and unprofessional. I demand a refund of £13 for the journey. I am extremely dissatisfied.
            
                Major problem many of them r facing with this app is the cab drivers are accepting the ride and then cancelling it.  Few of them doesn't even know the address  and are unable to follow the GPS. Around 7 times my ride has been taken and cancelled in a single day. I suggest none of you to use this app. And the feedback is WORST .
            
                I was quoted £12 on the phone, for a cab for my daughter when she reached her destination the driver tried to charge her £15 !!! absolutely disgusting behaviour tread carefully when using Ola cabs in Bristol
            
                Writing as a prospective ola driver, the level of support you receive is barely anything, a company that fails to provide it's drivers with the correct level of support is highly unlikely to support it's customers with a decent ride, an appalling and pathetic excuse for a company
            
                I am extremely dissatisfied with the recent ride which I booked for my elderly mom..the driver was arrogant rude and impolite..he asked my mom who took the ride alone to pay more than the fare which showed on the app..when I tried to reach the support I did not recieve any personal assistance except for the system fed auto replies ... definitely this was the last time I have booked a ride with ola..never again ..please do not send your elderly parents to ride with this pathetic service.
            
                I would recommend not to travel through ola. There is no standards followed by this company, thry just started this company as copy business of Uber but they are really unprofessionals. No comparison between world class company like Uber and a highly unprofessional Ola. I had taken a ola cab from Delhi to jaipur. Initially it showed me 2700 fare and driver knew i came from abroad. He stopped the cab on the way 4 times for almost 2 hrs adding all together. He took 500 rupees for gas too. When i reached jaipur he requested 950 rupees for toll plaza so overall he took 5200 rupees despite having showing 2900 bill initially. Being a NRI i didn't know much about long rides using ola but definitely it was a very poor experience.i complained about it to ola just and email because there is no phone number showing on the website. Ola replied back after 4 days sating thry can't do anything and closed the ticket immediately with notifying me. Highly unprofessional and never replied back to my queries again. Safety concerns were also there but ola doesn't reply at all. Please boycott ola and avoid them. I am going to post this experience everywhere including UK ola services too because i have no choice left because of their lack of response. I will take legal action as well against them.
            
                Such a worst service I had never seen, undignified drivers ,even customer care number or service doesn't respond and I just uninstall,and I suggest every body don't take Ola and don't use   faire also taking more unwanted  faire taking its very bad behavior when i booked ola fair showes  me my destination 260 whe i reach my destination the showing  me 400  very bad behavior.,
            
                Such a worst service I had never seen, undignified drivers ,even customer care number or service doesn't respond and I just uninstall,and I suggest every body don't take Ola and don't use
            
                Ola dont have a customer care number.Drivers don't take emoney they want cash.Drivers charged more than the fare showed in OLA app.Passengers are helpless and we have to listen to drivers
            
                I tried booking cab, the app reflectedHigh demand and kept the search slow but on.Mean while got call from an ola driver. As per him he had got the request. I confirmed that in my app I was still seeing the search on. He asked  the pick up and drop location, said that I have to pay in cash and he is also going to pick up other passangers , in order to get his service I should accept this and may need to pay extra. I have refused the service.Post this call I also got another driver's call, to him too I said that I still am seeing search on, though he was the second driver to get the request.Terrible app indeed.This is not the first time.... pre lockdown, I had a booking , which was not served by driver after knowing the pick up and drop location, I still get to see that I need to pay Rs. 50 for that,Had complained the same to ola. But as usual it has fallen into deaf ears. I would say, ola is over priced,very unprofessional , and also  it's app is poor.
            
                Ola promoted a 20% discount but inflate the prices so it’s pointless. Worse.. my first look, ola was $58. Logged out for under a minute, looked again, suddenly $64 ola, versus $51 uber... we’re not stupid. Zero trust earned. Never using ola ever again. Remember, taxis lost our business because they lost our trust. You suck. Word spreads.
            
                Would give less if I couldWould give less if I could. Drivers are VERY unreliable and rude. Driver also took off mask during ride. Ola customer service is extremely useless and don’t care about their customers and deem it okay for drivers to drive without a face mask in the middle of a global pandemic. Avoid at all cost.
            
                OLA AND UBER CABS IN BENGALURUIt appears to me that the most dangerous Ola and Uber Cab service is in Bengaluru, as I always thought Delhi was bad, but Bengaluru beats it heads on.The drivers appear to have learnt to manipulate so many tricks to fleece the customers, that I have come to the conclusion it may not only be better, but also safer at times to pay double and book the hotel taxi if at all possible.On a recent 5 days visit to Bengaluru, on at least 6 different occasions, the drivers made numerous attempts to cheat me, firstly from the Airport to the Hotel, when I gave the OTP to commence the journey, within seconds of obtaining a message that the trip has commenced, the driver tells me that there is no trip and wanted  to see my phone, basically to see what the fare was showing. I remained very firm, and informed my wife that in case the situation worsened, and he took us out of the way, to immediately call the police, because there is absolutely no facility on their apps to reach Customer Service or Police in an emergency. The driver then gathered that I was going to have none of his nonsense, and I turned on the navigation on my mobile phone and ensured he took us to the hotel in the shortest route possible.  This actually happened with at least two drivers, but the worst ones were that once you book the cab, the driver calls to ascertain what the final destination is, which they are not supposed to, and immediately cancels the trip thereby incurring the passenger a cancellation charge.The worst one was on having booked in advance for an airport drop off, the first driver asked my destination and as I refused to give it, cancelled the booking, and within seconds another driver accepted the booking. When I informed him that the drop was to the airport, he tells me that he is not going, when I said I will complain about him, he became abusive and threatened me, saying he knew where I was and would come and sort me out. As I was getting late for the airport, I fortunately managed to book the Hotel Taxi and reached the airport just in time.The government has brought in new regulations in respect to all the aggregator cab services, which are more in favour of the drivers. I am in favour of that, but it is absolutely imperative that new legislation is made in regards to the safety of passengers and unwarranted cancellations, because despite writing to the CEO of OLA, he neither had the courtesy to acknowledge nor respond to my mail, and it is about time they were held responsible for all the illegal actions of the drivers or ensure that these crooked drivers do not ply cabs on their platforms immediately after they resort to threats or regular cancellations of the cab journeys.
            
                It's everything I expect out of a ride-hailing app. My experience has been fine more often than not. It's a little costlier compared to Uber generally.
            
                Dear Ola Team, I start my journey from govandi station to vashi sector 9 it's hardly 11/ 12 km while booking amount was Rs 148 as per me its ok for 11 km .But the driver had changed the route and while asking him he said google yehi route bata raha hai.I had confirmed auto driver ki ye aap gumake k le rahe ho so he confirmed me aap daro mat aapko kitna charge bataya hai utna hi lunga mai and after giving the amount Rs.148 he is saying sirji 344 hua hai.and start arguing ki paisa toh aapko dena hoga aapko nhi pata kya mera auto kalyan ki hai aapko bolna chaiye tha na.Its was very worst journey if my life.its waste of money &amp; time. driver had taken the wrong route instead of 11 km he taken the route of 27 km and the charges also claimed.They was not enough time for fighting with auto driver.because from Morning me and my wife was out for some bank work my daughter was in my neighbor house so we have to rush as early as possible so that we can give her some food it was almost 2:30 at afternoon.so I paid the amount 350 and I will make sure from today my family or from my office no one will use ola.
            
                Every time I order an Ola, it cancels the ride and goes from 4, 7 to 10 minutes! The Sat Nav that they use does not represent the Sat Nav on the app! The app sometimes shows the driver further or closer away than they are. It sometimes freezes-very unreliable app! If you need a reliable service and you do not want wait for over 10-15 minutes for the driver to arrive, I suggest you look elsewhere!
            
                When I  booked it says 7mins ,then it changed to 11 and then 14 . No call from the driver nor any explanation as to why they are late after 23min wait . To be fair some of the drivers are okay ,some are not courteous. My experience is that they are not truthful nor consistent with their prices .
            
                Not because of the drivers but the pricing same taxi used every day for work. Range from £12  to less £5 per journey. Even though less than 10 minute journey. Watch out as there sat nav always take you on longest journeys so if you not familiar with route use another company . Ripping people off daily
            
                Very bad service, they have notorious type driver. they should be very harmful for future immediate terminate this type of app. night travelling not safe for woman. Ola auto driver more big history sitter.
            
                Very bad experience , Mujhe bhut bura lga , customer service tak nhi aati h aap ola walo ko, mene mrng m 6 bje nizamuddian station se cab book ki greater noida 10 k liye, cab driver 10-15 mint late aaya phle to, bola koi location aur usne mujhe khud aane ko bola kisi aur location par👊👎👎Jab m apni destination location pahuchi to jo charge hua wo mene phonepe kiya but cab driver ne kuch aur hi amt btaya ,M already online payment kar chuki thi but uska kehna tha ki mujhe cash dijiye kiyoki amt pay nhi hua h abi tak,Jab mene ola m complaint krne k liye call kiya to unka no. Busy hi jata raha approx 30 mint.Bhut bura experience raha ola cab ka.👎👎
            
                Most horrible experience ever. The drivers are such responsible people. Driver Kemprgowda first did not agree to come to my pick up point then when I came near his He cancelled the ride while he was right in front of me. Above all this I was charged the cancellation fee for this ride. This such a scam. I dint even wanted to rate 1 star.
            
                Hi Ola,            It's a very bad experience riding in ola. Auto driver came and said my mobile is switched off. Hence, what ever amount is showing the total amount in your ola application please pay that amount. In my application Rs.251 was showing and I paid Rs.251. after driver went away ola application showing  your total fare is 186rs. I paid rs.65 rupees. Hence, I have got cheated by ola auto driver. I think this is the trick which is using by ola drivers to make customer fool by telling mobile is switched and taking away extra cash. Even I told ola auto driver that shall I pay online wallet payment when I was I auto on the way but driver refused and said no no don't do online or wallet payment. Only cash I need he said. Ola drivers are very greedy they only operates and come when the ride is by cash only. This is not not the concern or 65rs. It's about trust. I have been cheated from ola hence, I will not use or use less ola. I might switch to Uber or can prefer local auto or rides but this type of cheating is not acceptable. I can knock the consumer court and complain in consumer court for this issue.Thank youName : Shyam RanjanPhone : 7004835713
            
                Worst service provider, charge unnecessary to customers because of their own server problems. If there is any rating in minus i will go for that. I will suggest to use Uber instead of Ola
            
                I am a driver on ola platform and I can say for myself that I have had a great experience with them. Their services are prompt and they have good customer service. Also when all other drivers app are not recruiting or onboarding new drivers because of covid, ola are still onboarding and the strict standardized questions you have to answer before they accept you as a driver is amazing. Thanks ola.
            
                My sister used this company they tried to over charge her plus they took 6 payments out of her bank account the bank are investigating.
            
                Ola has poor customer service and perhaps I am being conservative. I have received many empty promises from the team. It is very difficult to get matters across to the team regarding incidents related to journeys where drivers have taken longer than expected, (ii) drivers  have breached safety regulation and (iii) been rude. There needs to be a serious overhaul of their operations.
            
                At the very first Ola Driver asked about only cash payment, and after completion of my drive i was having Gpay option for the payment, and he was ready to take money by Gpay. I paid him, and unfortunately the payment was "in process" so somehow i arranged money and paid him, now my Gpay account had shown the "Payment Successful" status and my money has debited for that. No response from the respected driver, not receiving my calls. Ola has no help services for this issue. Customer care line is busy all the time.Drive Details: Sun, Nov 22, 08:03AMCRN 5015216383Driver Name: Aluvla KiranMobile number: 6303824908Note: Driver was very rude in behavior.
            
                I took this ride from Mayur Vihar to Kalkaji around 3pm this Saturday and while booking the cab it showed 190₹ but the bill was 394₹ when I reached and being a foreigner I didn’t know the fares so haven’t noticed, after 2 days I booked an uber for the same distance and I paid 170₹ only!Then I checked my ride with OLA and realised I’ve been charged 200₹ for tax in a case which both locations were in Delhi and there’s no tax fee for this ride!!!And by the time it was passed 24 hours so I couldn’t even check the fare!And there’s no customer support for such cases, I’m so dissatisfied with ola services, they’re more expensive than uber but there’s nothing special about them which make them stand out!
            
                Wronfully charged me £10.97 for no reason and even though I have provided evidence they're not refunding me my money and telling me I need to speak with my bank when my bank told me they need to refund me. Con artists! You have lost a regular customer.
            
                If I could give this company zero points I would as I’m disgusted by them. It was my first experience of using an cab app as have heard positive things about cab apps. I booked one from Shepherd’s Bush to Euston tower. I had no problems as it reached me within a few minutes. But was another story going back to Shepherd’s Bush. Booked one and it said seven minutes then said 27 minutes as it was no dropping off another customer. I sent the driver a message to say where I’d be and with two very heavy suitcases. He drives past me and my ride is cancelled. Apparently he couldn’t stop the car! Then I ring the ‘customer service’ line and explain but to no avail. I explained that it was imperative that I got home quickly as I had to collect my son from school. Security staff tried to contact local cabs and tried to flag down a black cab but to no avail. Then I reluctantly had to order another Ola cab. Again it gave a time then kept chopping and changing because he picked someone else on the way. Fortunately there was a black cab nearby charging and I was able to get a cab back. Honestly I will never recommend this company to anyone especially single women on their own and in fact anyone who hasn’t hours to waste and values their safety. They have zero duty care for customers. Profit before customer care! Avoid Ola at all costs. Stick to black cabs 🙏🏽
            
                I availed ola rental for 5 hours.But exceeded 50 kms. Buti want invoice. Iam not able to get
            
                I ordered an ola first time. A car rego was not provided the car came past where i was collected the money but didnt pick me up.Give me my f***en noney back you thieves &amp; I am never using you ever again or recommending you.....not even to pick up litter!!!!!
            
                Bloody useless!! keeps declining my payment methods everytime I need a ride....
            
                Ola no costumer phone will not lift ever cab drivers also.Ola there dont bother for there costumersOla no professional way to trace there costumer expectations Ola you dont no there is no way to ride,  if you ignore customers
            
                Bad service every time your driver not come to location and miss behave everytime dicasting....never book your ooa
            
                Bad experience with ola . Very bad .. specially with The driver .. I have booked the cab today and clearly mentioned my pickup point from just chill water park delhi ..but driver call us and tell us to come at toll  point for pickup but when we asked him if we come at toll for pickup then who will bare the toll tax .. driver clearly tell us that toll charges will be paid by the driver .. then I agree and my drive is start at last at the time of drop he added extra money toll tax in my bill ... When I denied to pay the extra money then he started to scolded me he was drunked Baldy and he started to misbehave with me ..being a girl I stop reacting because I was so. Scared that time .. so I paid that extra amount ..This is my personal experience and I never suggest anybody specially female to book OLA cab again in future ..Bad bad very bad experience
            
                OLA NOT SAFE FOR COUSTMER. Ola not action for complain.
            
                Ola day by day dropping there standard &amp; services. Where every other companies make sure to give the best service &amp; standards during covid.. Ola please take care of your cabs which is in tooo bad conditions and plus you guys don’t revert on customer feedback. Worst experience with you guys!!
            
                I HAVE BEEN USING OLA TODAY HAD A  WORST EXPERIENCE 17-11-2020. I HAD NEVER CANCELLED MY OLA TRIP IN THE RECENT PAST. BUT AFTER BOOKING AN AUTO OLA ADDED A AMOUNT OF 85 SAYING IT IS A CANCELLATION FEES. I LANDED UP PAYING MORE THAN WHATEVER I HAD TO PAY. I TRIED REACHING ALL THE CUSTOMER CARE NUMBER WHICH IS GIVEN IN THE INTERNET, BUT NOTHING WORKS.... THANK YOU I WILL NEVER USE OLA AGAIN
            
                One of the raughest online cab booking services.
            
                Ordered 2 rides both were cancelled without explanation and fully charged this company is utterly abhorrent and I wouldn't recommend them to my worst enemy let alone a friend 0/10 just use uber
            
                If there would a negative rate, I should have given them negative rating.The drivers they have doesn't take their customer service seriously.This is not professional. The drivers take too long time to reach on time. But the ola online service asked for the cancelation charges even if driver take longer time and even when they deny to come.This is not the first time that I faced this problem. But will definitely be the last time if don't return my amount that you guys taken.All together it has been nearly 750 rupees till now from my 3 diffent accounts.If you keep doing this kind of fraud. This will take your company down.When I raised same complain on their website,then marked it as resolved without even looking into the matter. This is not the way to deal with you customer who pays you. Provide you the salary.Worst customer care experience. Did not expected for Ola.Ola need to return back my money in order to resolve this issue.If I won't receive my extra charged money of 750 rupees I will take this to all social media platforms. People of country should also know about you fraud peoples.
            
                Sadly you can’t give this zero star review. The driver came to pick me and my boyfriend up from hospital. Both of us were wearing masks. The white driver was not. He then cancelled and said Ola has cancelled the ride and sped off. I then saw he cited the reason for cancelling was because we weren’t wearing masks. I live with a vulnerable person so I don’t travel anywhere without a mask. I believe he didn’t pick us up because we are both Indian. Then I’ve spoken to customer service , they refuse to refund me and they’ve said a complaint has been made but nothing else. I couldn’t believe how bad customer service was.I’ve also been told by every Uber and bolt driver that everyone knows Ola is the worst.No one use them. They are thieves and there is no reprimand policy in place for when their drivers lie and a fraudulent .The name of my driver was ehsan abbashabi driving a silver Toyota Prius. No one use him.
            
                Very poor service by ola on today and two ola bike denied for service in ola price and asked three time more fare for ola bike very bad experience
            
                I booked for a cab to go for a hospital. When I boarded the cab after giving the password, the driver said to pay Rs. 84 for a ride which did not even started. When I enquired with the driver, he said this has happened many times and spoke to customer support. When there was no proper reply from customer support, I did not use the service. This kind of nuisance happens a lot with ola, and I would never use this service nor recommend to anyone.
            
                Ola cab service is very poor.Car 🚗 interior baddies very poor.
            
                Hi. I had a very bad experience with Ola even driver was not honest, he kept my Ola code and used my card for another destination and charged me more than double.i made a written complaint to customer service even on ola app but today it's more than 2 weeks now. Ola company has taken no action at all. I am deleting the app now. You are fraud looking your customers
            
                Their support team are crap. The time it takes them to verify your documents can be anything between 5-10 days depending on how lazy they are. Everytime you call for n update, they fog you off with another 72hrs. Worst support ever!!!
            
                I need my keys!They were left in car yesterday but driver won't help. Ola are horrible. They respond with use app for support. But there is no response and no support! I desperately need my keys back and Ola refuse to help. What a disaster!
            
                I have last ride with ola gaur city to Anand vihar bus stand, driver demanding money extra apart from provide ola bill, He told me MCD toll are extra,  I have also complain on ola app, but didn't get any from ola company, I many time google search ola customer there is no customer care no. Functional. I very disappointed. Then after I write the review, so please  my friends take care.
            
                One of the rubbish  company in London cityJust 2 words they knows “sorry sir “ apology sir”. Rest go to hellI’m the driver partner and from 1 week I got blocker in my app due to insurance but non of their technicians knows how to remove this.Shame on you OlaI wish you wouldn’t get TFL license backAnd stop playing with peoples
            
                This is some ridiculous service, waste of time. Registered just today succesfully, no problem at all. App is not bad so I cant say anything bad about it. I wanted to pick up my car from a garage coz repair was done. The trip is 0.8 miles only. Ive ordered a car and system found one in acceptable time so I was happy. Ive got the details of the car and reg number as well. I waited her at a clear well visible place standing on the kerb. App showed her very accurate and finally she just passed me without slowing down (It was exatcly that car with that make/model and reg) and in the next second app says "it was cancelled" No reason explained, no option given to find someone else, nothing. This is a joke, not a service. I wasted 15 minutes from my life. Ive ordered an Uber after this, without any problem.
            
                This was a waste of time. It was the first  time I called an Ola cab only to have the driver cancell with no explanation. The message kept saying your ride is on the way. IWasted an hour in the cold. I will never use them again. Be warned they are like cowboys. The driver that cancelled was NV67CWA owner of Black Mitsubishi Outlander.
            
                Horrible service from OlaI booked Ola from the airport to my home and it was literally a nightmare. During the ride I paid the money from my Phone pay app and transaction got successful, however the amount got deducted from my account but in Ola app it’s not uploaded so the driver on completion of ride saying that he had not received any payment, so I tried one more time for online payment and same situation happens again. So at the end I have paid him by cash. So two times in online payment my money got deducted.After reaching my home I have raised the complaint to phone pay and Ola to return back my two times failed transaction money, so from phone pe I got reply that Ola is saying that they provide service for both the transaction so transaction is valid which is totally a lie from Ola side and after providing all the transaction related proof to Ola, They took more than one month to decide that my complaint is valid and they have to refund me money of online transactions because I did not use any service regarding that transactions.Now when they are agree that I have made the payment thrice that day, they are refunding my money back to my Ola account only so I can used in future booking from Ola app, which is not acceptable they should refund my money back to my bank account from where I made transaction. In response of my query they are saying that they cannot refund back my money in my bank account because it is against their policy. I oppose this type of customer unfriendly policy and also want people support in destroying this type of policy by boycotting the Ola app.So disappointed with Ola overall and will not be using in future.Be Aware before using Ola app.
            
                Regular userUsually reasonable£30 from Fulham to Shepherds?With 30% off?GTFOHThey've just lost my custom👎
            
                Worst Services Given By Ola Cabs
            
                I can't believe I have just paid £17.50 for a 3 miles ride that took us 16 minutes.The taxi was 3 minutes away when he was allocated my request at 7.20om on a Friday.I am disgusted, angry and cursing the driver and all those illegals who take advantage of our hard earned money. Go to hell Ola and take your dishonest drivers with you.
            
                Absolute joke of a company, when you need any help as a driver they do not think for a second to try at all, they will just read off a script they’ve got infront of them and repeat the same thing over and over again. Glad TFL took their license and hopefully it stays that way.
            
                They have charged me for a taxi I never booked. I tried to book though the app, but it crashed before anything was confirmed. I did not use their service. Their is no record in the app of any booking for the time, and I was never contacted by a driver.When I called customer services I was told they hadn't charged me and that my bank must be at fault so i should call them. Literally accepted no responsibility.DO NOT USE!
            
                The worst service! Plus, your data goes to India which is not the most trustworthy government
            
                Ola is the worst, no customer service nothing. The journey I pay £25 with Uber they took £37 from me, tried to speak to customer service no answer. Going back to Uber
            
                They currently are running a four minute or 50% off your ride promotion at the moment. Both times the driver arrived after the cut off time of four minutes but the app told us the driver had arrived and charged full price. Customer support does not reply either. Back to Uber I go
            
                I used Ola from the airport to home and it was literally a nightmare. The driver took the longer route which is completely different from what's suggested from Ola app. Normally it would take 50min, but this time I made it home after almost 2 hours. Not only that, the app was glitchy and suddenly ended my ride that the driver demanded me to get off the car. So I had to take another Ola home paying extra for the second ride. When I explained this to one of the support staffs, he said sorry for the inconvenience but there is nothing he can do about this. He suggested £3 coupon for my bad experience, which didn't come to me at all. So disappointed with Ola overall and will not be using much.
            
                I could not give them -0 as the lowest is 1.This back street company takes a payment as soon as you book,Then you get a message saying the car is not available.Please choose another Size  car .Which is £6 more.Then you cancel and they charge you £4.What a load of scammers.Do not bother Walk.
            
                Dear ola team, To inform you that my cab is registered with you my driver Nirmal Kumar Pandey has been off road from last 15days , they are just making fool  , every one is telling many solutions like provide health certified from dr and tell me to send on provided number but no solutions, then then another one told to go to suraksha centre but no solution from there they are telling that give five hundred rupees they will try . I have covid certificate also but no solution, I will wait for 2days more or either I will sift my cab car number OD 01N749CALL ME ON 9831901072
            
                SCAM ...........I am calling Consumer Affairs .Do Not Use This Shocking BUSINESS!  Your app states, 4 stars . This is not a business.  THIS IS A SCAM . LOOK AT THE REVIEWS. PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SCAM . They will take your money and never send any one .And soon after a person calls you on a 02 .number-  when you are in Adelaide and need a cab .. Fake Business Consumer ..  SCAM SCAM SCAM . NOT A JOKE or nasty review SCAM  BUSINESS NO Drivers NO REFUND .    SCAM....
            
                I travelled with Ola on 15/10/2020 to a hospital appointment.  Unfortunately I left my “Kindle” in the back of the car and it was driving away as I realised what I had done.  Followed the “get help” and “left an item in my ride” and “Call me” instructions but 24 hours later I’ve had no response!  Customer service is impossible to get near, phone numbers cut off after telling you to contact them via the website.  I shall never use this company again.
            
                I’m upset to use OLA because of the inconvenience I’m facing using ola these days.  I use OLA thrice a day and 6 days a week. But these days OLA riders are canceling ride because they don’t want to accept OLA money and I don’t carry cash because they keep the change. I’m being charged 5 rs per cancellation. Please resolve it or i delete this money chopping app.
            
                Get your own back on Ola, simply use the free sims that are widely available and keep registering new accounts with referral codes. You get 2 free rides for every free sim and 25% off 5 rides. They don't cross check any details such as your name, email or payment card, as long it is a new phone number it works every time. After using the free rides bin the sim and get another free one. You don't even need data, just use WiFi.
            
                I live in Warwick District, I booked an Ola which did not turn up but was charged because the driver claimed I was not wearing a face covering. Cctv obtained the next day shoes that I wore a face covering at all times and that the taxi did not even attend. Customer support was useless and to be fair to the drivers, those that work privately are extremely polite, probably because they also work for Uber (extremely professional, great support and exceptional drivers), the issue is with the local Warwick District licensed drivers who rip people off and deserve to go to bust. They give Leamington a bad reputation so the sooner they are driven out of business by Uber etc the better!!
            
                First time user and definitely my last. I booked an ola ride to take me from the train station to work and texted the driver twice asking where he was and then called and he wouldn't answer. I then get a pop up that the driver cancelled my ride - how rude. I confirm it, then I get a $10 cancellation fee for a ride the driver cancelled. Contacted Ola and they said they will refund but only refunded $5. Definitely left a bad taste in my mouth as a first time user and I have removed the app from my phone to never use them again.
            
                Not trustworthy company both driver and riders point of view. In drivers prospective it is very complicated join in process. Assessment test is horrendous. Test through app is just a joke. I went through this test I was replied  back that your language skill is not sufficient. I spoke to ola UK team couple of times and I was told you can't go through can't even take retest. Totally unprofessional  Indian staff in help centre. Hope TFL do not renew their operating license in UK .Uber and bolt is more trustworthy
            
                I booked an OLA to Auckland airport, the driver told me he could not drop me at the airport but a block away as he had no ticket to go closer to the airport. I walk with a crutch so had to walk with my bag to terminal. Ola then charged me a toll fee which I disputed but they refused to return as they said I agreed to it when I booked the ride. Didn’t know then the driver would not drop me off at my destination. Very angry for poor service an support
            
                1. Driver asked to cancel Ola trip. And said he will take us privately, with discount 🙀 UNSAFE2. He was unwell. Coughing in the entire journey. (COVID SYMPTOMS)🤧3. Despite repeated instructions, he did NOT cover his mouth.His mask was only on his lips.😖 RUDE AND UNSAFE4. Charged us money for CNG and TAX; which we had already paid toh the company. So we were charged TWICE =RS. 3000*2😫5. Tracking of car was very poor 🤯6. Driving skills were poor.😰7. Ola customer care did NOT answer my call for once! So very disappointing!😠😡
            
                Pathetic services every time. I have not used Ola from some long, then I have started to use with my friend's account, however, the services are getting poor day by day even the customer support also. Thank God we both have uninstalled the app and have started using Uber:)
            
                Judging from the other reviews, it's quite clear to see that this so called 'service' is a shambles. They do not deserve even 1 star.My cab driver picked me up knowing that the seat belts in his car were not working, did not apologise and made excuses. I felt very unsafe, and this company won't even give me a refund. Other than this their drivers are normally always late or rude. Extremely poor customer service and they should be ashamed really. Won't bother to use again.
            
                Horrible service. I've booked an Ola and the driver cancelled the ride at the last minute  alleging that I wasn't following the covid guidance. I WAS. Theyve charged me 6 pounds for that and they refused to give me a refund. Terrible customer service.  Ill never use Ola again.
            
                To say I am fuming is an understatement and when the banks won't refund the money and OLA won't refund the money it feels utterly useless!My ride was meant to be £31 and I ended up being charged £72!! The driver lied and said a road was closed and therefore took me another route with added 15 minutes onto my journey plus this added surcharge that was never shown when I ordered it!!! The bank won't refund without proof of the price but how can you get proof when you click to accept a ride and its gone??? As for the driver I know there will be no action and I will just be deleting my account
            
                Made a booking on 7/10/20 at 11:10 came up with a charge of $38 which is the normal charge the driver was 4min away after 10min I gave the driver a call to see how long before he arrived he told me to cancel the booking and make another one. Which I did immediately and was charged $52 and told it was a peak charge what a rip off straight out scalping don't use this company they will rip you off
            
                This ola company is harassing me for payments. They are asking for a payment of Rs. 1500 for a ride which I have never taken. They are completely fraudulent and now harassing me with unlimited calls for payment of Rs. 1500. I want the higher Management to look into the matter and sort this out. I have my own car which I am using since 3 years and never booked a cab in this period. I work for TOI and can take this fraudulence to another level if you guys dont stop.
            
                I started to use Ola a lot until they became to expensive and charging almost double without the app telling you there’s a surcharge will never ever use them again deleted my account and the app
            
                Worse in the world!!!I signed up as a driver on 10/09/2020 and they still have not managed to sign me up! Been 24 days! i have done assessments now stuck on ola induction for past one week as i can not receive password reset link, i have emailed them 4 times they reply with log in to ola app to see your assessment status like what the hell man!!?  Worse in the world never sign up with them!! waste of literally time!! They have uneducated customer service representatives who simply can not understand your query! VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
            
                Just got off the phone with a customer service representative from this company and I’m more and more convinced of how little they care about their clients. Shortly, my ride went like so: get in the car ask how long it should take. Waze (shows live traffic and road closures) advises 25 minutes. It took over 45 minutes. The driver took a longer, busier route on purpose. When he realised he got himself into a massive traffic jam he just told me I should get out cause we’d never actually get to the drop off point. Had to walk over 10 minutes to reach this. Completely out of order. I informed the customer service department and after three calls where the people on the other end kept repeating the same things like a broken disc. All this made me understand that even though they know and confirm they didn’t provide the service they were meant to they couldn’t care less. They just want your money, if you have a terrible experience with them whatever. They already took the cash out of your account.
            
                Given these 1* but only because there isn’t a 0 option.  Left a coat in the back of one of their cars. Absolutely no chance of getting it back - can’t contact the driver, can’t contact customer services, the support button on the app doesn’t work. I’ve been using these reluctantly for a couple of months. Never again.
            
                I would negative if there was option. They have charged me twice the amount for a ride by cash and also from Ola money postpaid. Later on complaining they stall me for a month and then say that it's too late to resolve the issue. Basically I feel like they stole money from me. There are other cab services that gives better customer support and don't want to steal your money.
            
                Charging so much extra than quoted. No option to justify. So terrible. Please never use. Atleast Uber are transparent
            
                Many drivers just use Ola to scam. It is a Russian roulette- whether you get a good driver or a scammer. I was running late and chose to use Ola to get to work, the driver reached the pick up point and cancelled due to not adhering to Covid-19 guidelines... how is this possible when I didn’t even have the chance to leave the house, let alone get into the car or meet the driver? This is a complete scam and I was outrageously charged £6 which they are unable refund me (only give a voucher-assuming I want to use their app again after this??) I’ve had many more experiences of unprofessionalism from a handful of drivers on Ola- this is the last straw, will not be using again, not surprised their rating is so low.
            
                I used Ola several times which was a great service.   But the last couple of times  the app was showing  drivers in the area but wouldn't  but wouldn't  allow  me to book. And if it did it would  cancel my booking.  Now its saying that I'm not allowed  to book  a taxi travelling  to the same destination.  For work.
            
                DONT TOUCH.    I’ve been a satisfied Uber customer for years.  Lately I’ve tried using Ola when Uber had a bit of a wait,  tried 3 times and ended with such bad experience,  driver never arrived although he’s telling me he’s outside , their GPS system isn’t working, and so on and on
            
                The driver will take you the longer route. On Uber or any other taxi service my journey is £9 max, with ola today it was £16!!! How does that happen. Did the earth magically grow more? The driver took me on motor way to increase journey route. First time using it so didn’t want to question driver, was upset at seeing cost and felt robbed. I WILL NOT BE USING OLA AGAIN. Your cheap tactics of making us pay for a £9-10 journey giving us false hope it will stay in that bracket. The
            
                WORST COMPANY EVER.....NEVER EVER AGAIN....CHARGE YOU TWICE N THEY HAVE NO CONTACT NUMBER TO CALL TO FIX PROBLEM.......OLA YOU ARE A DISGRACE......
            
                Very this system of thief's, the charging people's 🙄 😒 a lot of money, ride of 60 pounds,  the charge us 127😡😡😡🤬🤬
            
                Have to give one star as no option for zero. I used OLA only once over year ago and until now all good but suddenly OLA started taking money from my credit card. Lucky my bank covered the fraud and even I changed my credit card number they still try to charge old card.
            
                Ola UK don't care and protect interests of its partners drivers. They have no policy of reimbursement if the rider makes mess in the car. A pathetic customer care service.
            
                Terrible company absolutely should be shut down. Unpaid taxi fare of less than £5. I did not know about it. No call not nothing. They have instructed debt collection agency to recover less than £5. Absolutely shocking! Stay away people
            
                went out got an ola cab 33 pound there 65 pound back work that out do not use thet are totally con artists stick with your local cab firm
            
                bad experince, about the company ola  i pay 53£ but no the course for airoport luton is 40£ but  the driver  he dindn't to the airoport he left me in luton station and liar me coming anonther taxi in 5 minutes., stay safe this  thievies.
            
                Unfortunately, there is no possibility to give them 0 star! Very poor service, a driver brought my daughter to a wrong place and asked to walk 10 minutes to the right destination!Driver deliberately took longer way and I was overcharged despite the fixed fare when booked.Never ever again and the app was deleted!
            
                DELETE OLA APP.Please do not use this app. I have used them twice in a week and both times I was charged £6 cancellation fee when drivers cancelled! I spoke to customer service three times, who were a challenge, they agreed £15 credit (and no refund), which disappeared after a £5 ride. App deleted.
            
                Charged me six times for two rides , no help when I called them.
            
                Bookd  cab for work travel to train station .Driver phoned me saying he was on otherside of Newport which he wasn't.he was 9 mins away .then he said he couldn't do it .and cancelled.All was good on app payment connecting with driver then he disappeared off map and then phoned me.Please please please never use this bunch of 🐒. red dragon Wales is the better option.Ola you lose another customer .And I give you minus 5 🌟 if I could .Discusting service avoid !!!
            
                We Cancelled our plane because no auto came,try to fix it as fast as possible.We booked 3-4 autos but no auto came they accepted but didn't come.
            
                Don't even touch their app! They will charge you for it. Wanted to book a ride yesterday late afternoon 'no cars available' so I tried Uber and they had cars available so booked one. However, when I checked my bank account, out of two trips I have been charged for FOUR. Three with uber and one with Ola. Trying to contact them is a nightmare. Phone numbers can be found but mostly they are only for drivers. Others have an announcement before you get connected that they have nothing to do with Ola or Uber.
            
                Driver himself cancelled my journey and charged me extra for cancellation.  In this covid there is no extra precautions taken by drivers. They keep on spitting all the time and they don't wear mask. It's very risky to travel in Ola service.
            
                Worst service ever..drivers are so unprofessional ..driver himself changed the route and that route was so long that at the end of the trip they charged me twice of the estimated fare..
            
                Deduct amount from ola money and taking full payment cash also. Driver cancelled my journey and they charge me 15rs.not response from customer support
            
                I would not even give them 1 star. Poor customer service at all counts. Book a ride, the driver goes somewhere else and you’re charged. Complain about it, they offer you a $2.76 refund without any explanation or anything. Taking us as a fool. I had trouble deleting my account. So I hope my data is safe. The app has glitches so don’t think the drivers are totally at fault.  I deleted the app and will not use them. Their complaints handling is ridiculous.
            
                Such a worst services especially ola auto. The auto drivers always ask extra 10 or 20 rs from the bill. Always I and and friends get issue with auto drivers unless it we dint the extra money they won't come for pickup .Ola company should warn drivers to behave well.especially if we refuse to give them money they behave rudely some time they scold in bad words. This kind of thing won't happen with any other services except Ola auto. Kindly request Ola company to give advice to your Ola drivers otherwise in future no body will choose Ola .
            
                This is the first time I am using Ola that too because of COVID situation and it has been a very bad experience. I think where OLA should have been a little more sensitive during COVID situation they are in fact by taking long routes and over charging the customers for the same.Being a doctor my each minute is precious (and not only for me it is for each customer) but every time the ola people take a longer route to mint more money and at the same time I always reach my clinic late despite boarding the Ola Auto on time. I have been travelling since 6 Jul 2020 and mostly i get a fare of around 162/- sometimes it is 174 or 182/- and little bit difference in amount is understandable but on many rides they calculate the fare around 240 and that much difference is not acceptable. When their driver cancels the ride then also they charge it from the customer, even after complaining they don't refund the amount. They deliberately take long routes to overcharge the customers and now last time when i refused to pay 240 and paid my regular fare so now they have been asking me to pay 81 rs to resume the services. Instead of unethically extracting money from customers OLA should make sure that their services are up to the mark. So my advise to OLA1. Value your passenger/customer's time2. Value their money3. Make sure you take correct routes so that your customers are not overcharged and also they reach their destination on time.4. Don't unnecessarily harass your customers and your drivers (i have seen your drivers too frustrated with your management)5. Whereas you claim that you are following all precautionary guidelines for COVID but I have seen only 20% of your OLA autos having a protective sheet between the driver and passenger, I have not seen any of your OLA driver sanitizing the seats, many drivers have to be repeatedly reminded of wearing their mask.Being a doctor I had thought by using your services it would be convenient for me to reach my clinic comfortably and on time. But I was highly disappointed. So stop harassing your customers and if you continue to send me messages to pay for the overcharged ride then I will have to move to the consumer court since i have screen shots of all the rides that I have taken with you so far. Anyhow I am sure of one thing I will never recommend OLA to anyone.Dr. Jaishree
            
                I booked a car.  It arrived on time and took me to my destination.  However the price quoted was between £11-17 with 10 percent discount.  I got charged £21.20.  How is that possible.  Will never use them again.  You have now lost a good customer for a few pounds.
            
                I would definitely rate ola ZERO!!! I paid for a ride three days ago, maybe two days ago which that was fine! The guy who drove me was cool so I rated him 5 stars and tipped him a couple dollars. When I got home I took at look at my statement and all $400 gone as well as $23 dollar over drawn on my account so they took close to $423 or more!!! Just for a fhhjjjhhhking cab!!! Then they have the cheek to ask for evidence!!!!!! Which I know is protocols but is protocols not getting back to me and Still haven’t gotten back to me, my poor kids haven’t eaten for a couple days because they took all our money and haven’t even replied a single message!!!! My country is in lockdown level 3 I am in AUCKLAND so we just can’t go out, I’m so frustrated and my kids are too you could just imagine!!!! Please give my money back I need it!!!! I have nothing to live off
            
                I booked a ride with Ola, has been accepted and should wait 8 min. After 25 min driver arrived and told me that my booking has been cancelled and he’s got s new job. Luck of professionalism, waste of time.... i will never book a ride with Ola. Booking on 29/08/20 CRN4890757155
            
                I'm from Chennai yesterday booked a cab for visiting Hospital. I booked rental (4 hrs 40kms). As usual he took wrong turns which is also fine. Took cab for 1 pm reached hospital in 50 mins. He waited for 45 mins and Dr. Asked me to go for a scan which is 2 kms away. I'm having a 8 months old baby. I ask him he said I can't come to kilpauk. Better u close this cab and take another one. I'm saying it's just 2 kms away. Without any humanity he said take another one. Still 4 hrs didn't complete. His rude behavior I don't want to travel with him. Pls I'm having his name and number. Ola should take appropriate action on him
            
                I would give no stars if possible. Pretty sure this company is a scam. Tried to use them as they were new and had great new member deals. Service really is everything!Ordered a taxi and waited at the end of my road as I know there can be bad traffic. Taxi said 3mins. After he took 4 wrong turns from my route and was driving away from my address I cancelled and was change. Gave them a second go another day thinking that must be a one off bad driver. Again book a taxi, wait outside my front door, mask on. Taxi is at the bottom of my road, doesn’t turn down the road and cancels my journey because I’m not following covid protocols. Get charged. Then again have to use another service to make my journey and have to pay twice.I called immediately to customer services and he said sorry loads of drivers are doing that at the moment. Annoying I know but I’m not authorised to give you a refund. Clearly they are not set up to actually take journeys fully. A lot of marketing and terrible service. Wouldn’t use again and wouldn’t recommend. Would warn people way.
            
                Ola is a Scammer company, I was a driver, and I have completed a trip from London to Sheffield and return back to Watford, but Ola didn’t pay the journey, I spoke to several Ola shift managers and they all agreed that I should get paid but the higher department said i didn’t do the journey,I have recorded all the phone conversation with Ola.so just imagine if they Can do this to me as a driver partner, what would they do to a passenger, be careful with your bank card details and be careful with this company,Thanks
            
                What can I say... Im not impressed with Ola. Prices are misleading. Gives you a travelling price on the app and then charges you lots more. Not impressed! I will never ever use them again and I wouldn't recommend them. I would rather ride a horse or a broomstick!
            
                Absolutely the worst cab booking app out there. Charged me money without any booking or anything.. now i have headache to try get the refund.AVOID
            
                The driver (RICHARDEGHERT THOMAS) was lier to his mssge and cancelled my ride after waiting for him for almost 30min.  He said he was outside our house but he wasn't. He was given a back up message that our address is in sanderstead and not in warlingham -- as there were  two  limpsfield road -- i cautioned him thru message  as i booked the ride  .  VERY bad experience from this driver representing OLA cabs UK.
            
                Ola cab is just looting moneyI added money in Ola money the amount got deducted and driver ask for the cashThis is horrible when I raised a complaint on Ola support they just refund me 20% deducted from the walletThis is ridiculousSuggestion not to pay money from Ola money
            
                Worst cab company ever experienced so far. The cab driver had cancelled the trip after boarding into the car. I had a very urgent Hospital appointment and I had to book Uber. Please advise not to book any trip with this company as they can cancel the trip after boarding into the car.
            
                Terrible exorbitant company A journey l take with Uner for 8£ was 18£ with Ola OMG Never again will l use this company First and last
            
                Excellent service!!!!!! Loved ola. Quick drivers, sound customer service and very safe. Highly recommended.
            
                Ola is s***, they gave me free credit but they charge me 2x plus their driver is tribble. Avoid their trap. No free credit.
            
                Terrible company driver made me cancel ride because journey was too far, made me believe i wouldnt get charged, and now im beinf denied a refund. Terrible customer service !!!!
            
                Ola postpaid option is looting our money.The prices are increased after the ride is taken . Also the default option is kept as postpaid intensionally. ola needs to understand people's concern about money.
            
                New rider customers sign up using this referal code HL427N for £5 off your first ride.
            
                OLA ARE TRASH, I don’t expect to order cabs , have my money taken and no cab even arrive. YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE TEAM CAN GO HEADBUTT A SHARP KNIFE
            
                Driver charged double fares and they didn't refund my amount after so many mails there is no response from them.
            
                Disappointed. Poor support with issues. They quote one price then charge another. Quote was normal price ride started 0458 was charged 1.8 times rate. Normal Taxi is cheaper and no shortage 5am on a Wednesday. Avoid imho
            
                Ola Cab Provide Bad Serives. Ola App cheat with me Seond time. Ola App Charge higher than estimated fare. They did not refund my money. they charge 157 rs. extra from me .when i book Ola cab for my family from Jawahar Park, Khanpur delhi to Ashok Vihar Gurgaon. Thier driver behave rudely.
            
                This particular driver was disgusting with how he treated my Aunty and uncle. His name is (Muhammad azam javed) I cant believe he asked for extra cash to take them home. Not only was she going to pay the fair ride but he stops half way and tells her if she wants him to take her home she has to give him $20, and my Aunty who doesn’t speak really good English didn’t know what was going on she gave it to him and then when he finally takes her home she asked if he could help her take the wheel chair out for her since she had to take my uncle inside cause he can’t walk on his own and he refused unless she paid him $10.!!! How disgusting of a human being. She didn’t pay him the $10 so he drove off with the wheel chair!!!! The next day she left the chair near our letter box and it was raining heavy that day and it got soaked. I will take this further and will name and shame him. Disgraceful he should get fired !!!!!!!
            
                On Friday I sent Ola an email asking whether I needed to pre-notify them that I was exempt from wearing a Face mask, as per TfL and Government guidance. They eventually replied:“ We acknowledge the information shared by you however as per the Current Situation wearing a mask is mandatory.“We will not be able to make any changes to the policy on this. If you need any clarity we request you to please contact us on...”When I queried this I received an almost identical reply. In frustration, I took to Twitter and was directed by Ola to “new” guidance regarding face masks. When I pointed out that this TfL guidance pre-dated their categorical email refusing exemptions they blocked my Twitter account. Can you trust this approach to customer “service”?
            
                Dear Sir, First I have thanks to all of you for you have give response on my complaint very quickly. Further as per conversation with your customer person on dated 8th August 2020, please I would like to request you, don't Dismiss or loos his job but give him warning for this behaviour so he will not doing like this next time.Lastly, I have withdrawn my complaint against CRN 4866839175 on immediate basis.Thanks and regards,Rahul Mayekar8097380108
            
                Since I can't drive for now due to mechanical issues with my vehicle. I have been using Ola   a lot. Please guys, don't message you have arrived in pick a point if you are still 1 to 5  minutes away, and then you charge waiting time. That is not good practice. We can see it in the app, how far you are and how many minutes more before you arrive. Most often than not I stand by the road waiting even before my ride arrives. So you can't trick me that you arrived early and charge a waiting fee.
            
                A different driver arrived in a different car with non matching rego.
            
                Ola postpaid option is looting our money.The prices are increased after the ride is taken . Also the default option is kept as postpaid intensionally. ola needs to understand people's concern about money.Also most of the drivers ask for cash.I don't know why it is being called as cashless ride
            
                Very bad customer service don't listen to the customer i had my first ride and said 30% joining discount they charged me £19 driver took me for a round ride to make more money and i asked the driver why you didn't take the first exit he said the app is showing this route calculations £19-£4 discount £15 i took a ride with bolt they charged me £12.50 i call customer service talking something else please be careful this ola rides are ripping off customers
            
                Ola kept allowing my driver to extend the pick up time...then charge me $1 to cancel....this company should be prosecuted..
            
                Worst experience I have ever had.  Driver drove one handed across the steering wheel, on the phone for the whole journey concerned about the congestion charge for the ride.  Dropped me off 1.2 miles from the actual destination.  tried to report through the app twice no response.  finally got a response reporting a safety issue.  Worst customer service awful, blocked the driver from my account, policy is not to refund, absolutely awful these guys should not be running a customer based business.
            
                My driver got into a car accident by bumping into a stationary car, causing me to have a minor head injury. He did not apologise or ask how I was, drove round the corner and asked me to get out of the car because he had insurance issues to deal with. He did not have the decency to finish the journey to take me to my destination after the trauma he had caused.Upon calling Ola to formally complain, I was not offered much solace and had difficulty getting them to return the money from that particular ride, let alone get any compensation.
            
                Utterly rubbish. And good luck trying to speak to someone from customer service
            
                Ola has very poor service.And here she takes extra charge from her customer
            
                Do not use. I got an oka taxi this evening, The taxi driver refused after many requests to wear a mask properly (he hadn’t it only over his mouth not nose). I told him this was for my safety and not his but he still utterly refused. He then forced me out of taxi before my destination. Ola then refused to offer me a refund. I spoke to the customer service and they gave me a £5 voucher but I will never use ola again. Feel much safer in an Uber and the price is the same. Compete disgrace. Will post this everywhere I can to avoid people feeling as unsafe I did.
            
                In one of my rides, their system failed to process my credit card payment pre- authorisation in app.They never contacted me or advised about faulty system they operate with or that my payment was not processed and then all of a sudden a debt collection email is sent out to me.So frustrating and sad at how their customer Service is so bad, no better than uber.
            
                I used this cab company in London and has a number of negative experiences. In the latest I flagged a dangerous driver that had picked me up. They followed up and almost made me feel like I was to blame for the reckless driving because I did not confront the driver!!! When I asked if there is a compensation for this or even any discount they said no. It is also very difficult to talk to anyone at Ola because of the poor level of English. I had immediately rang them after the event and the lady that picked up could not understand anything I was saying and when I asked to speak to someone else that person could not speak/comprehend English either.
            
                The taxi driver just drove off with my shopping. I contacted the company thru the stupid app. They took 8 hours to tell me the driver does not have my shopping. So where's the shopping? The taxi drivers a THEIF. The app a load of rubbish. Complete waste of money. They dont help with nothing they just take.
            
                Terrible service - ola hold your money as a deposit for days - no customer service - just shocking - do not use
            
                Worst driver &amp; OLA spreading Micro Terrorism by Drivers who behave worst way with deep rooted sentiments. Hey, stop sending MUSLIM DRIVERS &amp; VEHICLES owned by this community who collect above FARE &amp; MOBILISES Muslims from public causing riotic atmosphere threatening customers to pay in cash, denying digital payments.
            
                Ola Driver Refused to take all 4 passengers, Got Charged cancellation fee of $10 2 months Later, very disappointing. Good scam system they have. NEVER AGAIN!
            
                Yesterday i book a cab ...whn i book it the fare was showing rs 81 then suddenly after 2mins the fare become 131...So, i have to cancel the ride...how can it charge so much amount for such a small distance...many times i m harased by ola now days 😠😠
            
                I was charged £6 for a ride that the driver cancelled. Customer services then refused to refund the money to my account. Don't book with OLA.
            
                I lost my phone in the Ola Cab because I took out of my pocket to show Ola how I feel unsafe during in my ride because the driver speed was high and during in drive use he second phone! It was my mistake I did check my pocket when I left the car and I run behind the car and I try to stop the driver because my phone was left in the backseat! After 10-15- minutes later I call Support they said during in my call couldn't reach the driver! So I call after that nightmare every day Support and I asked them if they contact with the driver! After 3Days and 5phone call later they can have opportunity to talk with the driver! Regarding the poor quality Support I call the Support Team and I mentioned them they break the terms and conditions first Second They actually break the law because the Costumer Support give me wrong information about my concerns and because I recorded all those phone calls it's my right to take them to the court because actually they made a Crime in UK! I don't know how a long and what's the end about the story only what I know stay away for that Company!
            
                I am Deepak Kumar I booked ola cab from Qutab Vihar Delhi to Budh Vihar Phase 2 on 09.07.2020 and fare is show Rs.350 but when my family reached at Budh vihar the fare shows Rs.400 then I ask to Driver why this fare is increase he gives me reply very Rude and tell to ask regarding fare to ola Owner I am very shocked to listen this reply. This ola Driver name is Dharmender Kumar and he is very Rude person.so I request to the concern person to take some action because these types of employee creating a bad impression of OLA which is very effective.
            
                2bad experiences in 1 week . First ride  cab was heading to a completely different destination to what I booked .i had to call support  As I paid £ 10 more then the fare I was estimated when I booked got £7 refund !!  . 5 days later used again as I thought the first mistake was a one off. 2 of the drivers cancelled one after the other and I was charged 2 £6 cancellation fees. I called again received one £6 refund they would not give me the other £6 said they had issue coupon for £6 which I still Haven’t  received. Completely useless service and support I’m deleting their app and I will not be using again 😡
            
                Wish they had introduced 0 rating as well. I was wrongly charged for a ride that I booked on June 27th for which I paid the driver via Gpay. I thought that was it. I tried booking another ride after a couple of days and the app asked me to pay outstanding amount of Rs 581 to book a new ride, which for obvious reasons I didn't pay. Since then I've been receiving continuous messages on my phone to pay the due. I tried reaching ola support for consecutively 2 days from the app which felt like a lifetime of struggle (I'm sure most of us will agree to it) and I got connected to an executive. I told her all that had happened, then I got to know that the driver had raised a complaint of not being paid. I was shell shocked and told her that I have all of the details along with the transaction receipt to which she said ok I've raised a complaint on behalf of you and the team will get in touch via mail (which never happened). I waited for a couple of days and wrote a mail to ola support for which I got the same revert that the team is working on the issue and get quick help by clicking "support section" in the ola app. Today, the 9th of July, I wrote them back and there's nothing from them again. I guess I've made my point and by the look of other user's experience, we all know what decision to be taken.
            
                They charged me $17 extra to what was the actual bill. Looking at all the reviews posted here, it seems it was my fault that I booked a ride with them.
            
                I went to book a ride with Ola for the first time but after searching for a few minutes there were no cars available so I ended up getting an Uber Instead. Ola still charged me $27 for a ride I never took. I have been back and forth trying to get my money back which Ola are making no effort to do so. The service is shocking and the fact they are charging people for rides they never took is disgusting. Do not use this company.
            
                On thursday 2nd July I requested a cab on ola at 8.17pm the cab driver said it’s one minute away then app goes the driver cancelled even though on the map he was literally few seconds from my location at the same time it was pouring rain I had my 4 year old and disable mother with me I then quickly requested another cab this cab arrived. When I got home I realised I got charged for the cab driver who cancelled on me I called ola the advisor I spoke to named spencer said there is nothing he can do then put meOn hold and cut the line I then called back again and said this is unfare he himself said to me he can see the driver cancelled after getting to the location I said to him so the driver did this yet I am charged and your saying there nothing you can do about this. He said he can’t refund my money and then later putting me on hold again then goes the driver saying he couldn’t find you and that’s why he cancelled I was so furious at this point it’s like the guy on the phone seemed so unbothered and having a laugh about this. He goes he sent a voucher code to only use on the app for the amount I then said I do not want this my money was taken unfarelyI want my money refunded he goes they cannot and can use this on my next journey I then explained I don’t want to use this app again.
            
                223213369, this is the issue id with ola. At time of pre book fare- 3500, at time of booking- 4000, at end of trip fare- 5800.The trip showed 230 km when I searched in google maps it was 180 km. So people please be aware of this company, they are inflating the kms and charing extra. It has been a month and they have not resolved my query.
            
                I bought the car CLA class 200 with lux package for the premium service following the official car requirements. Ola replied I’m not eligible for that . If not why post this to the website . It’s confused customers to with work it . Keep saying higher class than Cla . But doesn’t has Particularly model.
            
                Please think twice and do not use this app especially when you're in an emergency. I have to say that yesterday was a disaster because of Ola. I had a midwife appointment at the UCLH in the early morning and tried to get a taxi from Ola three times. The first driver accepted my booking request immediately. After 6 minutes he called me and said "You're going to Euston where has £15 congestion fee. Sorry, but I can't go there. You have to cancel it." I didn't want to be late; therefore, I listened to him and made another booking. The second driver didn't even arrive at the destination point and replied to neither my call nor my massages, for this Ola applied £6 cancellation fee to my account. After 15 minutes, the third driver came and picked me up at a few steps beyond my first departure location. I called Ola to explain what happened and get the cancellation fee. Unfortunately, they didn't refund due to changing my first departure point a few steps and didn't understand it was the second driver's fault. The only thing they need to do is checking two locations on the map.  At the end of the day, I was 45 minutes late for my appointment:(
            
                What a rubbish company. Waited 20 mins for a cab that was supposed to be 1 min away. Driver rings to say where are you... I said I'm waiting outside at the address that was sent via the app... Then the plonker hangs up on me... Great service by Ola and great service by Mr Nouman from Coventry. Will be going back to Uber... Disgusting... Avoid.
            
                No one seems to know what’s going on at Ola customer service,It’s not fast when it comes to driver updates  I have been waiting 72hours to update a phone number and still no result the company seems to take ages where UBER gives you the choice to update documents and phone numbers much faster and more decent so all these new apps in London are just waste of time , best to stick with UBER better and more Decent
            
                Had a terrible experience with ola. I am a 17 year old girl and got an ola alone at night in which I was repeatedly asked inappropriate sexual questions by the middle aged rider and I was begged to stay in the car at the end of the ride. I asked for a refund for the $40 trip and was told I would be given a $10 coupon which I never received. Will not be using ola again. V uncomfortable and felt unsafe and not heard throughout whole experience
            
                We had a very experience with our last ride.  The driver kept interrupting our conversation and tried to be part of it.  Then, at the end of the ride he didn't finished the ride and kept going even though we weren't in the car. We contacted Ola to stop the ride and to know how much it was.  We agreed on a price on the phone and then few days later Ola charged us a different amount to our card which is double to original amount almost $400 for something that it should have been $200.The driver also add a waiting charge that he didn't agree to previously and took the longest route.
            
                Won’t use them again got a cab the driver wouldn’t take me without a code I didn’t receive the code he said he can’t take me until I give him the code or he will cancel my ride very bad horrible experience won’t recommend or use ola again was charged a high charge avoid this company fraud and steal extra money from you bank account fraudulent
            
                Good taxi service, quick, not bad prices Promo code; BT4JT1U - £4 OFF 1st RIDE
            
                First time riding , firstly the referral on the website didn’t work. Then before the cab even arrived they charged me the highest rate of my ride, once u was dropped off at my destination I received a receipt for over £5 less than what they took out of my account to begin with and no refund to be seen. Raised a complaint however customer care are absolutely awful no use what so ever just reply to reply rather than answer any questions. Will Definitley not be using again and definitely do not recommend !
            
                They been charged me twice I did contact them and that amount still on pending since 25.05.20. Must be a joke. Never gonna use again ola.
            
                Never used this service before but they some how managed to get my bank details and started charging my account.  Reading other reviews I can now see it’s full of fraudsters and rapists. Luckily my bank is a bit more switched on than a monkey company operate-rating out of a tin shed in India.
            
                it is very help full to the people who travels in city with groups or individual with irrespective of time like even at mid night and irrespective of location with the help og gps .
            
                I am a disabled man, I used the app to order a tax to take me home. The driver went to my destination and not the pick up point. I forced to cancel and was charged a cancellation fee of £4.50. when I phoned their office to complain I was told I wasn't eligible for a refund, no explanation why. I was offered a £5 off my next order. This is not good enough, I wasn't at fault, the driver was. Yet I have to pay for his mistake. Do becareful. As far as I am concerned they stole that cancellation fee.
            
                I was under the impression OLA had taken the money for a trip. I had NO communication from OLA until 5 months later I received an email in my junk folder telling me I had to pay £8 or they would be contacting debt recovery. I WASN'T even aware I was in debt as my OLA account said the payment had been taken! AVOID AVOID AVOID!! I’ll never use them again. I’d recommend UBER!
            
                Never had any bad experiences normally with this company but I have noticed recently a lot of the drivers are working for Uber and Ola. I got a taxi last night, it was 18 miles and I ordered it Ola. The charge was £28. As soon as I got a taxi, I had a notification that £41 had been declined from Uber... I have not linked this card to my Ola or Uber, but the charge came as soon as I got out the taxi (just like it does with Uber).I’m really concerned and do not trust using this app anymore. I haven’t used Uber for years so I know there is nothing outstanding on there, I am now going to have to go through a process on my bank to order a new card and block payments from them but something doesn’t sit right with me!
            
                One but should be zero.Unacceptable waiting time, riders accepting rides and then going everywhere but toward my location.If you want be in a specific place at a specific time don't use this app.
            
                I am Unable to relogin into Ola app after using mobile number as login. A phone call is received for confirmation and even after giving confirmation, the app doesn't moves forward to next screen.
            
                Avoid like the plague very unprofessional and dishonest. Used for the first time today and experience poor. Booked to be picked up with my shopping  at a particular  spot but the driver decided to park in another spot and did not have the commonsense  to  call me  to say  so. When I eventually located  the cab and asked why he didnt phone me. His response was that he was not taking me and he drove off. I was left stranded  with my shopping and he had the cheek to still charge a £4.50 cancellation fee. How many more people has Ola ripped off in this way? Dishonest disgusting behaviour!
            
                Ola are just the worst company with an absolutely inept customer services team. They charged me twice for three trips totaling £30.75. 9 calls later and I was still arguing with them to get my money back. In the end I had to report them to my bank for fraud and my bank refunded the money to me. What a waste of my time all because of this disreputable company. Avoid at all costs, it's just not worth the hassle. Stick with Uber. At least they have proper processes and customer service.
            
                Would not reccomend using Ola cabs in London, they are based in india and have some dodgy ways of vetting drivers, also their safety level are very low, the staff that work in customer service have been caught  using people personal data to sell on.  I have this information from insiders who work in Transport for london. Uber is probably the most reliable after back cabs so stick to them!!!
            
                Used this company twice.-Both times the drivers were ‘weird’ at best, and made me uncomfortable.-I am male by the way.One of the drivers asked me what I was laughing at, despite me having headphones in.-I wasn’t laughing overly loudly or obnoxiously...Would never use this company ever again.
            
                I was driving  for them and there was some issue with app didn't  give me rides  for more than 1 week. At the end got ride and when I finish that trip tere was no button  to finish trip, only cancel.  I cancelled  and contact support  team with all informations what happened  ,which trip ... They have told me that I will not get paid for that trip because  I cancelled.  What a dodgy  company.
            
                Recently i have cleared all my postpaid dues and the money has also been credited to ola wallet but after 2 days they sent me a msg that payment could not be processed plus they kept the money too. For more than a month they are calling me 10 times a hour, which is so absurd. Asking for the money which they kept that i paid for and still asking for money. They are seriously a cheat mentally harassing their clients. In this situation too they are looking for opportunities of how to cheat and create fuss just because of the fraud they want to create to get money illegally. And even after tons of mails they are not taking any kinda steps.
            
                They are fraudsters, every other day they take £1 out your account unauthorised, they took my bank details and registered it to a different account. copied my details to another Apple Pay and used it I have over £50 missing in my account. I called to let them know and the lady other the phone couldn’t even explain why my details were being used or even apologise. All she could say was your money will be refunded. I also asked her why it says it’s being used in Amsterdam when I live in the uk and still no explanations, just you will get a refund. Advice to you guys delete the app NOW !!!!! It’s a joke honestly kmt
            
                People never use this fu**king service. They are frauds and cheaters billed unnecessary amount even without riding. Ride was only for 3 km and their stupid driver charged for 11 km.
            
                Won't be using again. First time I used this cab service. Was offered £5 off. Driver was going wrong way and we offered him the postcode several times because he was going to a wrong address for some reason but he just wouldn't listen. He just told us the sat nav sometimes gives you a route to avoid traffic but it turns out he was heading to a completely wrong address. Should have been charged £7-£11 but it was £20 because of the seriously long and wrong route taken to a wrong address. With the '£5 off' it was still £15. Called the helpline and it was like she was not listening and answering questions I had not asked about the driver not turning up, it was bizarre. She could not speak English very well and had a heavy accent so was difficult to understand as well. Told me she would refund £1.85? No idea why or how she worked this out? Avoid at all costs!Update:After several emails back and forth they said they would give me a refund of £6.20. Have finally got my refund but I have deleted their app and won't be using again.
            
                Not a nice company to work with They don’t look after they drive Work with uber
            
                Awful, I’m a key worker in the UK and have to get to work 4 times a week, while I can’t use public transport to get there, OLA has been the worst choice because they are taking two payments, one is in reservation for 7 days (7 days have gone, still haven’t received my money back) and other one is taken when I get out of the cab. So I one day I’m losing about 50£ to get to work and 50£ to get home. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND if you don’t want some unwanted surprises.
            
                Just ordered can from Wandsworth Sainsburys.to take my disabled grandmother shopping to her in roehampton.do you know that this driver stay out of sight and cancelled my cab.but did not cancel it on the system so as I would lose my money.and now I'm left with a whole lot of shopping and no more money to get home.I'm sick of these new cab system were you can't speak to the control. No good.
            
                First few rides have been okay, however.... I sent a taxi to meet my partner to bring her home, the driver decided to alter from the route twice and worried my partner as he started heading in the opposite direction. Ola decided that the fare was in parameters and reject my claim. Next taxi from work to home, I decided to track what routes were being applied. The primary route was ignored and the driver went in the wrong direction. The route then changed to go directly towards my home. The driver then started heading again in the wrong direction.Ola again made the decision that the fare was in parameters. It seems that they are encouraging drivers to take excessive routes to get more money out of customers.This is not good business ethics and is ripping people off. The worst thing about it is the drivers are also exploiting women alone, which can be a bit worrying. I called my partner whilst she was in the car and told her to ask the guy why he was travelling in the opposite direction. If I didn’t do that I dread to think what could have happened, the plastic all over the seats was something that also worried my partner. With covid 19 about, this could be because of that, however seems a bit excessive.Have decided against using Ola in the future as they clearly aren’t reliable or trust worthy.This raises the question as to whether ola drivers are properly screened prior to working.
            
                Although they give you £5 off the driver had no idea where he was going and i ended paying more.  Extremely poor service.
            
                During my time driving for this company, their app has been extremely faulty, with rides randomly getting canceled and summaries are not sent out as well. Resolving issues through there driver care is/was a nightmare and wouldn't recommend anyone to drive for them or even ride with them. Their discounts are a complete waste of time as the app barely functions correctly.After there customer service people kept telling me I was the problem when it came to not access my payment summaries only to find out later by the 10th phone call that they don't/refuse to let you see how much you have earnt in total, this should be illegal as you have no idea what they are doing behind the scenes.I wouldn't ever want to drive for them again, or deal with their customer service every in my life.GO WITH ANY OTHER COMPANY!
            
                Cheap thugs .they owe me 680 £ i have worked 70 hours .did not get paid .beware all drivers do not work with them if you are working for money .never again
            
                We have been waiting for response from ola bout payment issue have been top yesterday or this morning no contact rung 6x been palmed off no way to ring customer support just stack customer service
            
                They charge you twice for 1 journey, once for deposit and then for the actual journey itself.It takes days to get the initial deposit backBEWARE OF THIS COMPANY!!!
            
                NEGLIGENCE. SAFETY FIRST. DO NOT USE IF YOU ARE FEMALE TRAVELLING ALONE. PLEASE VALUE YOUR SAFETY. DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE WITH THIS COMPANY. I AM SPEAKING FROM EXPERIENCE. MY CASE HAS NOT BEEN SOLVED. THE DRIVER MAY STILL BE DRIVING. PLEASE DO NOT IGNORE THIS WARNING. OLA IS NOT SAFE.
            
                Just rubbish company who operate from India. There call center run by incompetent people who has no knowledge about London work. Avoid to work for them.Didn't pay my incentive money even their apps showed I have done my job
            
                Very bad service. Started driving with ola and after 3 days my account got suspended. I was told that i uploaded different insuarance document. Finally found that, verification team of ola read my insurance company's post code as my car registration number. It took nearly three weeks to make them understand thebdifference between post code and car registration number. Head office from  London called and apologised and said they won't pay a single penny  for the stress, inconvenience and for the loss of income. Office told that, the company dont pay any sort of compensation as drivers are third party contractors. What does ola really means by ola partner. I was penalised for their fault.
            
                Ola is the worst company ever to work with. Shitt as staff they have and don't know what to do. 1 am calling the ola for the same issue from last 2 weeks and dont have any outcome yet. They will never call you back to tell you the status. Be careful drivers.
            
                I'm a driver in London. I referred another driver. I called them when I didn't receive referral payment. Adviser kept me on hold for few minutes to find out the reason. When I put call on mute, immediately, he dropped the call. I called back, explained again to another adviser. I was told, in 2 working days, £10 will be credited.After 3 days, I called them to find out. Adviser read a note of previous adviser and said, previous adviser made a note that "i had a bad experience with rider and ride was unsafe". But I had not reported anything like that but false note was created on my profile by previous adviser. I didn't mind losing £10 but now I'm scared of Ola's fraud.When company was launched in London, My friend selected Ola ultimate plan. He called Ola customer service for confirmation and he was confirmed on the phone. After a week when he didn't receive money as per plan. He called them and they said, he was not one of the first 1500 driver. So, he was put on another plan. When he asked to check the recorded phone calls, he was told that there was no phone call made or receive on that day and time.We get notifications for promotional offers in the morning. When they see more drivers are rushing for that offers, immediately they change the promotion. I feel, I am cheated by Ola.Finally uninstall the app.I don't know how they got licence from TFL.i'm scared (on youtub  / watch?v=7rmvhwwiQAY)
            
                Stop your adverts it is disgusting!!! Annoying!!!
            
                I am a driver and soon realised this is company is a fraud.I am on ola ultimate plan and wanting to move to Ola flex. Ola ultimate they charge £180 a week so I said I want to change, for 3 weeks Iv been emailing and calling them and each time they say it will be done but never does, I said I want to leave altogether but they still say I can’t do that.I will report this to tfl.I’m warning all driver and new drivers to be aware of this fraud.
            
                I wouldn’t even rate it with one star, is the worst app ever, very rude and unprofessional even the costumer service, I am not gonna even talk about the riders, I think they got the driving licence by mistake or luck. If they don’t like the rude they wait until you cancel, if you try to contact them, they don’t pick up. I am starting appreciating Uber much more.
            
                My driver forgot and took the wrong exit which was his fault and which made the journey more longer my fare cost £13.00  however, because of his mistake I was charged £19.** .... I want my refund...
            
                My first time using this company the driver came on time, helped me with my beauty couch, dropped me to my location and had a lovely conversation on the way!
            
                The agent referred to the wrong problem.My issue is with my $10 referral voucher that I've added to my account mid-Feb after my boyfriend gave me his referral code. I have contacted Ola back then complaining about my inability to use the voucher even though whenever I try to add it again to my account the app says that the voucher has already been added and Ola stopped replying after 2 emails. After that, I started receiving emails from Ola saying that my $10 discount was available and all I had to do was to book a ride. Well, I've booked a ride today and guess what? My $10 was not applied. I would like a refund for my ride and also my $10 voucher applied to my account.
            
                Oh. My. God. If I see one more advert for this company I think I’ll loose my mind!!!For the last three weeks, if not more, Every YouTube video I watch is plagued by them. It’s actually relentless to the point where I don’t want to watch YouTube anymore. Their adverts suck, acting like they invented the taxi service, promoting ideas to problems that other companies solved a long time ago and in a much better way. It’s a joke and it needs to stop. I think it might actually be worse than the time TikTok took over YT - and was bad.Ola if you read this, be safe in the knowledge that I will never download your app or use your services based on your marketing strategy alone.
            
                Their marketing campaign is intrusive and repetitive to the point that it feels invasive. They claim they are not the competition whilst not doing anything to be different. Simply on their bullying marketing tactics I will never use Ola.
            
                I wish there was a option of giving less than a star pathetic service by ola and the drivers are so rude my god.. they cancel rides on their own they dont take responsibilty of their stupid actions and cherry on the top is ola dont have any site where we can give drivers details who misbehave. Its like ola wants to irritate and frustrate us. I wish this company get closed if not get better soon
            
                It’s good service in car but customer service is very bad. One day before I took 2 ride but ola company change 4 time. When I see my bank statement I saw 4 transactions from ola and I contracted ola customer care they told me it’s deducted for security purposes. When I finished my ride they took the money from my account and again they charge me 2nd time for security purposes...why. What kind of security???? It’s without any service and without any of my authorisation. 3 time I talk with customer care they have to clean answer and one guy told me it’s deposit in your account within 24 hours but 24 hours later again 1 girl call me she told me it’s took some days. OMG what’s happening. It’s really i crime. Without my authorisation ola take money from my account. Still I’m waiting for my money.....
            
                Today, my friend booked Ola Cab for me to travel from Panchkula to Gurgaon which showed a fare of Rs. 2500. I started from Panchkula at 5:00 AM. None the less, the cab took more than 6 hours to reach.More over apart from this 2500, I had to pay different tolls, Taxes from my pocket which costed around 1000 bucks. Fare also showed more than 2500. I could have booked a Flight. Ola is not at all advisable from my side to travel on long routes. Plus, I would always prefer taking Bla Bla, Flight or train from next time onwards. Travelling in Ola is wastage of money which I felt it today.
            
                My daughter ordered a cab to take me home - quote given as £11.00 however £21.00 was taken from her account - why the extra? The driver took the longest route.  Absolutely, ridiculously ripped off.
            
                What scammers, Indian scammers. rubbish.scammer
            
                Bad service by customer care while raising complaint. May be lot of people complaining so executives of Ola getting frustrated and shouting on calls to customer.Driver taking ride n later without informing customer cancelling the ride and showing wrong bill to customer.This is happening 2nd time but no response after complaining also from Ola.Not trust worthy
            
                What a frustrating process to get register as a driver. I am stuck at ola registration portal just only 1 document is not updating on the system its happening since a month every time I uploaded the document system doesn't recognise it keeps bringing up old documents, customer services at the front end they have limited access to the system so they can't override the situation, when I ask who will do that in reply there was a silence means they don't know. You can't create account until your registration process doesn't get completed...WHY??? All the system in entire world they first starts from creation of an account and then people starts to put their details so when an issue comes up it can be picked and rectified. So I did send an email as well with attached documents in case if they are not able to pick up on their SUPER DUPER OLA system which have Aladin Ginie hidden inside who is not able to pick up the documents and can't update the system how funny is that...they can't override their own created system.....what a lame excuse....wow...and by the way none of their manager or supervisor available to talk its part of their corporate culture.....and we all know where this customer service department exist....which is not in UK...now they are advising me to go in their branch so they can upload the documents...I said fault is in your system not from my side so you better need to rectify it from your end rather than you want me to run around here and there I have uploaded and attached in email as well.....what else you want me to do?.....I think this year award should goes to OLA.....for the best performance and company of the year...forget about Uber, Bolt or Kapten….just only OLA cause their system is absolutely fool proof (in their opinion)...come on guys stop creating these stupid hypes......and by the way your packages are just for the short term as soon as the offer will go out of the window you will see the difference in the numbers of drivers....your guys are keep calling to sell these packages where the weekly price will go up for more than 300 pounds a week with no guarantee of minimum earning come on wake up or have some Red Bull.....have your maths right before you approach drivers over phone to sell these packages....you guys needs at least 2 years where you will have a decent customer base and you can work at the level of BOLT or Uber.....it is quite big to ask in the beginning......I was simply trying to get registered on OLA as a back up app not as a first app....my prime app will always be Uber then BOLT or Kapten….then may be some where OLA....lolzzz. For your kind information I am not representing Uber, Bolt or Kapten against you...its my personal experience about OLA.
            
                Paid a lower price and a grate service will definitely recommend***
            
                An excellent offer with OLA with code: BP65EBUBP65EBUBP65EBUBP65EBU
            
                YOUR ADS ARE EVERYWHERE AND IT’S SO ANNOYING. You’re making people hate your service that way
            
                I've used this company 5 times so far and all my experiences have been good. Nice cars, nice drivers and the app works well.
            
                Dreadful because you cannot tell the driver the route. They have to use their route which as we know is never the quickest or shortest Ola what about listening to your customers the foundation of any good business
            
                This cab app is a joke if you don't have online banking you won't even know that they taking money out of your account when you ring them to let them know that  Ola taking money from my account  they keep telling me  it does not show on the system keep telling me that I send proof from my bank oh we can't open the message ...........  They need to go back where they come from terrible customer service wack
            
                TERRIBLE. Do not use this company. Booked a taxi to Bristol airport. First driver charged £15 and after taking us down to pick up a friend (pre programmed as a stop) he then refused to drive any further. Then booked a second cab to get to the airport and he did not end the journey until 15 minutes after the end time (we were already through security at the airport), I called the driver in this time to try and end the journey and he did not answer. I've emailed Ola several times to submit my complaint and they have not responded
            
                Ola very bad company, little drivers driving around London.1 Bolt2 Uber3 Kapten4 Ola5.Viavan
            
                I had cause to try them this week. You go to the app book your cab and think that is it but you would be wrong. Initially, I was told that my ride would be with me within 8 minutes.  5 minutes later I received a message that my driver had been delayed by 5 minutes.  When this happened a second time I cancelled my booking.Pointless company.
            
                They are a complete rip off company they deduct the money from you but won’t give you a reason
            
                What a disappointing experience with this service! The driver didn't pick me up and when I called him to ask what's going on, he came up with the most ridiculous excuse that he could not find my address. The BIG problem with such a lame excuse is that my husband (who told me to try the app) had used the services of other OLA drivers before and all of them were "lucky" to have found our house... So NO, it has nothing to do with my address, it's about this failed system that allows a driver to choose to pick up a client and then to not honour the commitment.
            
                One of the worst app. Pathetic in terms of user Experience. Does not accept any payment method.  Don't go for it...
            
                Very poor service and very very disappointing. Charged twice for the service and for query also they don’t have better options for customer. It’s such a hassle to complain as well. I found it more driver oriented rather than customer oriented. Very unconvincing and very disappointing. Zero star for ola
            
                Absolutely terrible, i have not had one moment over the past year that i have used Ola where everything has worked as it should. My most recent one is they have charged me for a ride i took over 3 months ago. Whenever i provide feedback or complain they go quiet. Ola have the worst app and the drivers are the same people that drive for other ride shares, so why bother using them
            
                I think its just a worse expernces sometyms and some are good once depending on the driver.However mostly i prefer are bad...with me i booked a ola from Pamnure to NewMarket and the ola driver wasnt able to find the location it took jer 15 minys whereby i cancelled the ola rather waiting ...it was not my fault but still i had to pay $10 fees.This was just bulshit..very disppointing
            
                It's everything I expect out of a ride-hailing app. My experience has been fine more often than not. It's a little costlier compared to Uber generally.
            
                Dear Ola Team, I start my journey from govandi station to vashi sector 9 it's hardly 11/ 12 km while booking amount was Rs 148 as per me its ok for 11 km .But the driver had changed the route and while asking him he said google yehi route bata raha hai.I had confirmed auto driver ki ye aap gumake k le rahe ho so he confirmed me aap daro mat aapko kitna charge bataya hai utna hi lunga mai and after giving the amount Rs.148 he is saying sirji 344 hua hai.and start arguing ki paisa toh aapko dena hoga aapko nhi pata kya mera auto kalyan ki hai aapko bolna chaiye tha na.Its was very worst journey if my life.its waste of money &amp; time. driver had taken the wrong route instead of 11 km he taken the route of 27 km and the charges also claimed.They was not enough time for fighting with auto driver.because from Morning me and my wife was out for some bank work my daughter was in my neighbor house so we have to rush as early as possible so that we can give her some food it was almost 2:30 at afternoon.so I paid the amount 350 and I will make sure from today my family or from my office no one will use ola.
            
                Every time I order an Ola, it cancels the ride and goes from 4, 7 to 10 minutes! The Sat Nav that they use does not represent the Sat Nav on the app! The app sometimes shows the driver further or closer away than they are. It sometimes freezes-very unreliable app! If you need a reliable service and you do not want wait for over 10-15 minutes for the driver to arrive, I suggest you look elsewhere!
            
                When I  booked it says 7mins ,then it changed to 11 and then 14 . No call from the driver nor any explanation as to why they are late after 23min wait . To be fair some of the drivers are okay ,some are not courteous. My experience is that they are not truthful nor consistent with their prices .
            
                Not because of the drivers but the pricing same taxi used every day for work. Range from £12  to less £5 per journey. Even though less than 10 minute journey. Watch out as there sat nav always take you on longest journeys so if you not familiar with route use another company . Ripping people off daily
            
                Very bad service, they have notorious type driver. they should be very harmful for future immediate terminate this type of app. night travelling not safe for woman. Ola auto driver more big history sitter.
            
                Very bad experience , Mujhe bhut bura lga , customer service tak nhi aati h aap ola walo ko, mene mrng m 6 bje nizamuddian station se cab book ki greater noida 10 k liye, cab driver 10-15 mint late aaya phle to, bola koi location aur usne mujhe khud aane ko bola kisi aur location par👊👎👎Jab m apni destination location pahuchi to jo charge hua wo mene phonepe kiya but cab driver ne kuch aur hi amt btaya ,M already online payment kar chuki thi but uska kehna tha ki mujhe cash dijiye kiyoki amt pay nhi hua h abi tak,Jab mene ola m complaint krne k liye call kiya to unka no. Busy hi jata raha approx 30 mint.Bhut bura experience raha ola cab ka.👎👎
            
                Most horrible experience ever. The drivers are such responsible people. Driver Kemprgowda first did not agree to come to my pick up point then when I came near his He cancelled the ride while he was right in front of me. Above all this I was charged the cancellation fee for this ride. This such a scam. I dint even wanted to rate 1 star.
            
                Hi Ola,            It's a very bad experience riding in ola. Auto driver came and said my mobile is switched off. Hence, what ever amount is showing the total amount in your ola application please pay that amount. In my application Rs.251 was showing and I paid Rs.251. after driver went away ola application showing  your total fare is 186rs. I paid rs.65 rupees. Hence, I have got cheated by ola auto driver. I think this is the trick which is using by ola drivers to make customer fool by telling mobile is switched and taking away extra cash. Even I told ola auto driver that shall I pay online wallet payment when I was I auto on the way but driver refused and said no no don't do online or wallet payment. Only cash I need he said. Ola drivers are very greedy they only operates and come when the ride is by cash only. This is not not the concern or 65rs. It's about trust. I have been cheated from ola hence, I will not use or use less ola. I might switch to Uber or can prefer local auto or rides but this type of cheating is not acceptable. I can knock the consumer court and complain in consumer court for this issue.Thank youName : Shyam RanjanPhone : 7004835713
            
                Worst service provider, charge unnecessary to customers because of their own server problems. If there is any rating in minus i will go for that. I will suggest to use Uber instead of Ola
            
                I am a driver on ola platform and I can say for myself that I have had a great experience with them. Their services are prompt and they have good customer service. Also when all other drivers app are not recruiting or onboarding new drivers because of covid, ola are still onboarding and the strict standardized questions you have to answer before they accept you as a driver is amazing. Thanks ola.
            
                My sister used this company they tried to over charge her plus they took 6 payments out of her bank account the bank are investigating.
            
                Ola has poor customer service and perhaps I am being conservative. I have received many empty promises from the team. It is very difficult to get matters across to the team regarding incidents related to journeys where drivers have taken longer than expected, (ii) drivers  have breached safety regulation and (iii) been rude. There needs to be a serious overhaul of their operations.
            
                At the very first Ola Driver asked about only cash payment, and after completion of my drive i was having Gpay option for the payment, and he was ready to take money by Gpay. I paid him, and unfortunately the payment was "in process" so somehow i arranged money and paid him, now my Gpay account had shown the "Payment Successful" status and my money has debited for that. No response from the respected driver, not receiving my calls. Ola has no help services for this issue. Customer care line is busy all the time.Drive Details: Sun, Nov 22, 08:03AMCRN 5015216383Driver Name: Aluvla KiranMobile number: 6303824908Note: Driver was very rude in behavior.
            
                I took this ride from Mayur Vihar to Kalkaji around 3pm this Saturday and while booking the cab it showed 190₹ but the bill was 394₹ when I reached and being a foreigner I didn’t know the fares so haven’t noticed, after 2 days I booked an uber for the same distance and I paid 170₹ only!Then I checked my ride with OLA and realised I’ve been charged 200₹ for tax in a case which both locations were in Delhi and there’s no tax fee for this ride!!!And by the time it was passed 24 hours so I couldn’t even check the fare!And there’s no customer support for such cases, I’m so dissatisfied with ola services, they’re more expensive than uber but there’s nothing special about them which make them stand out!
            
                Wronfully charged me £10.97 for no reason and even though I have provided evidence they're not refunding me my money and telling me I need to speak with my bank when my bank told me they need to refund me. Con artists! You have lost a regular customer.
            
                If I could give this company zero points I would as I’m disgusted by them. It was my first experience of using an cab app as have heard positive things about cab apps. I booked one from Shepherd’s Bush to Euston tower. I had no problems as it reached me within a few minutes. But was another story going back to Shepherd’s Bush. Booked one and it said seven minutes then said 27 minutes as it was no dropping off another customer. I sent the driver a message to say where I’d be and with two very heavy suitcases. He drives past me and my ride is cancelled. Apparently he couldn’t stop the car! Then I ring the ‘customer service’ line and explain but to no avail. I explained that it was imperative that I got home quickly as I had to collect my son from school. Security staff tried to contact local cabs and tried to flag down a black cab but to no avail. Then I reluctantly had to order another Ola cab. Again it gave a time then kept chopping and changing because he picked someone else on the way. Fortunately there was a black cab nearby charging and I was able to get a cab back. Honestly I will never recommend this company to anyone especially single women on their own and in fact anyone who hasn’t hours to waste and values their safety. They have zero duty care for customers. Profit before customer care! Avoid Ola at all costs. Stick to black cabs 🙏🏽
            
                I availed ola rental for 5 hours.But exceeded 50 kms. Buti want invoice. Iam not able to get
            
                I ordered an ola first time. A car rego was not provided the car came past where i was collected the money but didnt pick me up.Give me my f***en noney back you thieves &amp; I am never using you ever again or recommending you.....not even to pick up litter!!!!!
            
                Bloody useless!! keeps declining my payment methods everytime I need a ride....
            
                Ola no costumer phone will not lift ever cab drivers also.Ola there dont bother for there costumersOla no professional way to trace there costumer expectations Ola you dont no there is no way to ride,  if you ignore customers
            
                Bad service every time your driver not come to location and miss behave everytime dicasting....never book your ooa
            
                Bad experience with ola . Very bad .. specially with The driver .. I have booked the cab today and clearly mentioned my pickup point from just chill water park delhi ..but driver call us and tell us to come at toll  point for pickup but when we asked him if we come at toll for pickup then who will bare the toll tax .. driver clearly tell us that toll charges will be paid by the driver .. then I agree and my drive is start at last at the time of drop he added extra money toll tax in my bill ... When I denied to pay the extra money then he started to scolded me he was drunked Baldy and he started to misbehave with me ..being a girl I stop reacting because I was so. Scared that time .. so I paid that extra amount ..This is my personal experience and I never suggest anybody specially female to book OLA cab again in future ..Bad bad very bad experience
            
                OLA NOT SAFE FOR COUSTMER. Ola not action for complain.
            
                Ola day by day dropping there standard &amp; services. Where every other companies make sure to give the best service &amp; standards during covid.. Ola please take care of your cabs which is in tooo bad conditions and plus you guys don’t revert on customer feedback. Worst experience with you guys!!
            
                I HAVE BEEN USING OLA TODAY HAD A  WORST EXPERIENCE 17-11-2020. I HAD NEVER CANCELLED MY OLA TRIP IN THE RECENT PAST. BUT AFTER BOOKING AN AUTO OLA ADDED A AMOUNT OF 85 SAYING IT IS A CANCELLATION FEES. I LANDED UP PAYING MORE THAN WHATEVER I HAD TO PAY. I TRIED REACHING ALL THE CUSTOMER CARE NUMBER WHICH IS GIVEN IN THE INTERNET, BUT NOTHING WORKS.... THANK YOU I WILL NEVER USE OLA AGAIN
            
                One of the raughest online cab booking services.
            
                Ordered 2 rides both were cancelled without explanation and fully charged this company is utterly abhorrent and I wouldn't recommend them to my worst enemy let alone a friend 0/10 just use uber
            
                If there would a negative rate, I should have given them negative rating.The drivers they have doesn't take their customer service seriously.This is not professional. The drivers take too long time to reach on time. But the ola online service asked for the cancelation charges even if driver take longer time and even when they deny to come.This is not the first time that I faced this problem. But will definitely be the last time if don't return my amount that you guys taken.All together it has been nearly 750 rupees till now from my 3 diffent accounts.If you keep doing this kind of fraud. This will take your company down.When I raised same complain on their website,then marked it as resolved without even looking into the matter. This is not the way to deal with you customer who pays you. Provide you the salary.Worst customer care experience. Did not expected for Ola.Ola need to return back my money in order to resolve this issue.If I won't receive my extra charged money of 750 rupees I will take this to all social media platforms. People of country should also know about you fraud peoples.
            
                Sadly you can’t give this zero star review. The driver came to pick me and my boyfriend up from hospital. Both of us were wearing masks. The white driver was not. He then cancelled and said Ola has cancelled the ride and sped off. I then saw he cited the reason for cancelling was because we weren’t wearing masks. I live with a vulnerable person so I don’t travel anywhere without a mask. I believe he didn’t pick us up because we are both Indian. Then I’ve spoken to customer service , they refuse to refund me and they’ve said a complaint has been made but nothing else. I couldn’t believe how bad customer service was.I’ve also been told by every Uber and bolt driver that everyone knows Ola is the worst.No one use them. They are thieves and there is no reprimand policy in place for when their drivers lie and a fraudulent .The name of my driver was ehsan abbashabi driving a silver Toyota Prius. No one use him.
            
                Very poor service by ola on today and two ola bike denied for service in ola price and asked three time more fare for ola bike very bad experience
            
                I booked for a cab to go for a hospital. When I boarded the cab after giving the password, the driver said to pay Rs. 84 for a ride which did not even started. When I enquired with the driver, he said this has happened many times and spoke to customer support. When there was no proper reply from customer support, I did not use the service. This kind of nuisance happens a lot with ola, and I would never use this service nor recommend to anyone.
            
                Ola cab service is very poor.Car 🚗 interior baddies very poor.
            
                Hi. I had a very bad experience with Ola even driver was not honest, he kept my Ola code and used my card for another destination and charged me more than double.i made a written complaint to customer service even on ola app but today it's more than 2 weeks now. Ola company has taken no action at all. I am deleting the app now. You are fraud looking your customers
            
                Their support team are crap. The time it takes them to verify your documents can be anything between 5-10 days depending on how lazy they are. Everytime you call for n update, they fog you off with another 72hrs. Worst support ever!!!
            
                I need my keys!They were left in car yesterday but driver won't help. Ola are horrible. They respond with use app for support. But there is no response and no support! I desperately need my keys back and Ola refuse to help. What a disaster!
            
                I have last ride with ola gaur city to Anand vihar bus stand, driver demanding money extra apart from provide ola bill, He told me MCD toll are extra,  I have also complain on ola app, but didn't get any from ola company, I many time google search ola customer there is no customer care no. Functional. I very disappointed. Then after I write the review, so please  my friends take care.
            
                One of the rubbish  company in London cityJust 2 words they knows “sorry sir “ apology sir”. Rest go to hellI’m the driver partner and from 1 week I got blocker in my app due to insurance but non of their technicians knows how to remove this.Shame on you OlaI wish you wouldn’t get TFL license backAnd stop playing with peoples
            
                This is some ridiculous service, waste of time. Registered just today succesfully, no problem at all. App is not bad so I cant say anything bad about it. I wanted to pick up my car from a garage coz repair was done. The trip is 0.8 miles only. Ive ordered a car and system found one in acceptable time so I was happy. Ive got the details of the car and reg number as well. I waited her at a clear well visible place standing on the kerb. App showed her very accurate and finally she just passed me without slowing down (It was exatcly that car with that make/model and reg) and in the next second app says "it was cancelled" No reason explained, no option given to find someone else, nothing. This is a joke, not a service. I wasted 15 minutes from my life. Ive ordered an Uber after this, without any problem.
            
                This was a waste of time. It was the first  time I called an Ola cab only to have the driver cancell with no explanation. The message kept saying your ride is on the way. IWasted an hour in the cold. I will never use them again. Be warned they are like cowboys. The driver that cancelled was NV67CWA owner of Black Mitsubishi Outlander.
            
                Horrible service from OlaI booked Ola from the airport to my home and it was literally a nightmare. During the ride I paid the money from my Phone pay app and transaction got successful, however the amount got deducted from my account but in Ola app it’s not uploaded so the driver on completion of ride saying that he had not received any payment, so I tried one more time for online payment and same situation happens again. So at the end I have paid him by cash. So two times in online payment my money got deducted.After reaching my home I have raised the complaint to phone pay and Ola to return back my two times failed transaction money, so from phone pe I got reply that Ola is saying that they provide service for both the transaction so transaction is valid which is totally a lie from Ola side and after providing all the transaction related proof to Ola, They took more than one month to decide that my complaint is valid and they have to refund me money of online transactions because I did not use any service regarding that transactions.Now when they are agree that I have made the payment thrice that day, they are refunding my money back to my Ola account only so I can used in future booking from Ola app, which is not acceptable they should refund my money back to my bank account from where I made transaction. In response of my query they are saying that they cannot refund back my money in my bank account because it is against their policy. I oppose this type of customer unfriendly policy and also want people support in destroying this type of policy by boycotting the Ola app.So disappointed with Ola overall and will not be using in future.Be Aware before using Ola app.
            
                Regular userUsually reasonable£30 from Fulham to Shepherds?With 30% off?GTFOHThey've just lost my custom👎
            
                Worst Services Given By Ola Cabs
            
                I can't believe I have just paid £17.50 for a 3 miles ride that took us 16 minutes.The taxi was 3 minutes away when he was allocated my request at 7.20om on a Friday.I am disgusted, angry and cursing the driver and all those illegals who take advantage of our hard earned money. Go to hell Ola and take your dishonest drivers with you.
            
                Absolute joke of a company, when you need any help as a driver they do not think for a second to try at all, they will just read off a script they’ve got infront of them and repeat the same thing over and over again. Glad TFL took their license and hopefully it stays that way.
            
                They have charged me for a taxi I never booked. I tried to book though the app, but it crashed before anything was confirmed. I did not use their service. Their is no record in the app of any booking for the time, and I was never contacted by a driver.When I called customer services I was told they hadn't charged me and that my bank must be at fault so i should call them. Literally accepted no responsibility.DO NOT USE!
            
                The worst service! Plus, your data goes to India which is not the most trustworthy government
            
                Ola is the worst, no customer service nothing. The journey I pay £25 with Uber they took £37 from me, tried to speak to customer service no answer. Going back to Uber
            
                They currently are running a four minute or 50% off your ride promotion at the moment. Both times the driver arrived after the cut off time of four minutes but the app told us the driver had arrived and charged full price. Customer support does not reply either. Back to Uber I go
            
                I used Ola from the airport to home and it was literally a nightmare. The driver took the longer route which is completely different from what's suggested from Ola app. Normally it would take 50min, but this time I made it home after almost 2 hours. Not only that, the app was glitchy and suddenly ended my ride that the driver demanded me to get off the car. So I had to take another Ola home paying extra for the second ride. When I explained this to one of the support staffs, he said sorry for the inconvenience but there is nothing he can do about this. He suggested £3 coupon for my bad experience, which didn't come to me at all. So disappointed with Ola overall and will not be using much.
            
                I could not give them -0 as the lowest is 1.This back street company takes a payment as soon as you book,Then you get a message saying the car is not available.Please choose another Size  car .Which is £6 more.Then you cancel and they charge you £4.What a load of scammers.Do not bother Walk.
            
                Dear ola team, To inform you that my cab is registered with you my driver Nirmal Kumar Pandey has been off road from last 15days , they are just making fool  , every one is telling many solutions like provide health certified from dr and tell me to send on provided number but no solutions, then then another one told to go to suraksha centre but no solution from there they are telling that give five hundred rupees they will try . I have covid certificate also but no solution, I will wait for 2days more or either I will sift my cab car number OD 01N749CALL ME ON 9831901072
            
                SCAM ...........I am calling Consumer Affairs .Do Not Use This Shocking BUSINESS!  Your app states, 4 stars . This is not a business.  THIS IS A SCAM . LOOK AT THE REVIEWS. PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SCAM . They will take your money and never send any one .And soon after a person calls you on a 02 .number-  when you are in Adelaide and need a cab .. Fake Business Consumer ..  SCAM SCAM SCAM . NOT A JOKE or nasty review SCAM  BUSINESS NO Drivers NO REFUND .    SCAM....
            
                I travelled with Ola on 15/10/2020 to a hospital appointment.  Unfortunately I left my “Kindle” in the back of the car and it was driving away as I realised what I had done.  Followed the “get help” and “left an item in my ride” and “Call me” instructions but 24 hours later I’ve had no response!  Customer service is impossible to get near, phone numbers cut off after telling you to contact them via the website.  I shall never use this company again.
            
                I’m upset to use OLA because of the inconvenience I’m facing using ola these days.  I use OLA thrice a day and 6 days a week. But these days OLA riders are canceling ride because they don’t want to accept OLA money and I don’t carry cash because they keep the change. I’m being charged 5 rs per cancellation. Please resolve it or i delete this money chopping app.
            
                Get your own back on Ola, simply use the free sims that are widely available and keep registering new accounts with referral codes. You get 2 free rides for every free sim and 25% off 5 rides. They don't cross check any details such as your name, email or payment card, as long it is a new phone number it works every time. After using the free rides bin the sim and get another free one. You don't even need data, just use WiFi.
            
                I live in Warwick District, I booked an Ola which did not turn up but was charged because the driver claimed I was not wearing a face covering. Cctv obtained the next day shoes that I wore a face covering at all times and that the taxi did not even attend. Customer support was useless and to be fair to the drivers, those that work privately are extremely polite, probably because they also work for Uber (extremely professional, great support and exceptional drivers), the issue is with the local Warwick District licensed drivers who rip people off and deserve to go to bust. They give Leamington a bad reputation so the sooner they are driven out of business by Uber etc the better!!
            
                First time user and definitely my last. I booked an ola ride to take me from the train station to work and texted the driver twice asking where he was and then called and he wouldn't answer. I then get a pop up that the driver cancelled my ride - how rude. I confirm it, then I get a $10 cancellation fee for a ride the driver cancelled. Contacted Ola and they said they will refund but only refunded $5. Definitely left a bad taste in my mouth as a first time user and I have removed the app from my phone to never use them again.
            
                Not trustworthy company both driver and riders point of view. In drivers prospective it is very complicated join in process. Assessment test is horrendous. Test through app is just a joke. I went through this test I was replied  back that your language skill is not sufficient. I spoke to ola UK team couple of times and I was told you can't go through can't even take retest. Totally unprofessional  Indian staff in help centre. Hope TFL do not renew their operating license in UK .Uber and bolt is more trustworthy
            
                I booked an OLA to Auckland airport, the driver told me he could not drop me at the airport but a block away as he had no ticket to go closer to the airport. I walk with a crutch so had to walk with my bag to terminal. Ola then charged me a toll fee which I disputed but they refused to return as they said I agreed to it when I booked the ride. Didn’t know then the driver would not drop me off at my destination. Very angry for poor service an support
            
                1. Driver asked to cancel Ola trip. And said he will take us privately, with discount 🙀 UNSAFE2. He was unwell. Coughing in the entire journey. (COVID SYMPTOMS)🤧3. Despite repeated instructions, he did NOT cover his mouth.His mask was only on his lips.😖 RUDE AND UNSAFE4. Charged us money for CNG and TAX; which we had already paid toh the company. So we were charged TWICE =RS. 3000*2😫5. Tracking of car was very poor 🤯6. Driving skills were poor.😰7. Ola customer care did NOT answer my call for once! So very disappointing!😠😡
            
                Pathetic services every time. I have not used Ola from some long, then I have started to use with my friend's account, however, the services are getting poor day by day even the customer support also. Thank God we both have uninstalled the app and have started using Uber:)
            
                Judging from the other reviews, it's quite clear to see that this so called 'service' is a shambles. They do not deserve even 1 star.My cab driver picked me up knowing that the seat belts in his car were not working, did not apologise and made excuses. I felt very unsafe, and this company won't even give me a refund. Other than this their drivers are normally always late or rude. Extremely poor customer service and they should be ashamed really. Won't bother to use again.
            
                Horrible service. I've booked an Ola and the driver cancelled the ride at the last minute  alleging that I wasn't following the covid guidance. I WAS. Theyve charged me 6 pounds for that and they refused to give me a refund. Terrible customer service.  Ill never use Ola again.
            
                To say I am fuming is an understatement and when the banks won't refund the money and OLA won't refund the money it feels utterly useless!My ride was meant to be £31 and I ended up being charged £72!! The driver lied and said a road was closed and therefore took me another route with added 15 minutes onto my journey plus this added surcharge that was never shown when I ordered it!!! The bank won't refund without proof of the price but how can you get proof when you click to accept a ride and its gone??? As for the driver I know there will be no action and I will just be deleting my account
            
                Made a booking on 7/10/20 at 11:10 came up with a charge of $38 which is the normal charge the driver was 4min away after 10min I gave the driver a call to see how long before he arrived he told me to cancel the booking and make another one. Which I did immediately and was charged $52 and told it was a peak charge what a rip off straight out scalping don't use this company they will rip you off
            
                This ola company is harassing me for payments. They are asking for a payment of Rs. 1500 for a ride which I have never taken. They are completely fraudulent and now harassing me with unlimited calls for payment of Rs. 1500. I want the higher Management to look into the matter and sort this out. I have my own car which I am using since 3 years and never booked a cab in this period. I work for TOI and can take this fraudulence to another level if you guys dont stop.
            
                I started to use Ola a lot until they became to expensive and charging almost double without the app telling you there’s a surcharge will never ever use them again deleted my account and the app
            
                Worse in the world!!!I signed up as a driver on 10/09/2020 and they still have not managed to sign me up! Been 24 days! i have done assessments now stuck on ola induction for past one week as i can not receive password reset link, i have emailed them 4 times they reply with log in to ola app to see your assessment status like what the hell man!!?  Worse in the world never sign up with them!! waste of literally time!! They have uneducated customer service representatives who simply can not understand your query! VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
            
                Just got off the phone with a customer service representative from this company and I’m more and more convinced of how little they care about their clients. Shortly, my ride went like so: get in the car ask how long it should take. Waze (shows live traffic and road closures) advises 25 minutes. It took over 45 minutes. The driver took a longer, busier route on purpose. When he realised he got himself into a massive traffic jam he just told me I should get out cause we’d never actually get to the drop off point. Had to walk over 10 minutes to reach this. Completely out of order. I informed the customer service department and after three calls where the people on the other end kept repeating the same things like a broken disc. All this made me understand that even though they know and confirm they didn’t provide the service they were meant to they couldn’t care less. They just want your money, if you have a terrible experience with them whatever. They already took the cash out of your account.
            
                Given these 1* but only because there isn’t a 0 option.  Left a coat in the back of one of their cars. Absolutely no chance of getting it back - can’t contact the driver, can’t contact customer services, the support button on the app doesn’t work. I’ve been using these reluctantly for a couple of months. Never again.
            
                I would negative if there was option. They have charged me twice the amount for a ride by cash and also from Ola money postpaid. Later on complaining they stall me for a month and then say that it's too late to resolve the issue. Basically I feel like they stole money from me. There are other cab services that gives better customer support and don't want to steal your money.
            
                Charging so much extra than quoted. No option to justify. So terrible. Please never use. Atleast Uber are transparent
            
                Many drivers just use Ola to scam. It is a Russian roulette- whether you get a good driver or a scammer. I was running late and chose to use Ola to get to work, the driver reached the pick up point and cancelled due to not adhering to Covid-19 guidelines... how is this possible when I didn’t even have the chance to leave the house, let alone get into the car or meet the driver? This is a complete scam and I was outrageously charged £6 which they are unable refund me (only give a voucher-assuming I want to use their app again after this??) I’ve had many more experiences of unprofessionalism from a handful of drivers on Ola- this is the last straw, will not be using again, not surprised their rating is so low.
            
                I used Ola several times which was a great service.   But the last couple of times  the app was showing  drivers in the area but wouldn't  but wouldn't  allow  me to book. And if it did it would  cancel my booking.  Now its saying that I'm not allowed  to book  a taxi travelling  to the same destination.  For work.
            
                DONT TOUCH.    I’ve been a satisfied Uber customer for years.  Lately I’ve tried using Ola when Uber had a bit of a wait,  tried 3 times and ended with such bad experience,  driver never arrived although he’s telling me he’s outside , their GPS system isn’t working, and so on and on
            
                The driver will take you the longer route. On Uber or any other taxi service my journey is £9 max, with ola today it was £16!!! How does that happen. Did the earth magically grow more? The driver took me on motor way to increase journey route. First time using it so didn’t want to question driver, was upset at seeing cost and felt robbed. I WILL NOT BE USING OLA AGAIN. Your cheap tactics of making us pay for a £9-10 journey giving us false hope it will stay in that bracket. The
            
                WORST COMPANY EVER.....NEVER EVER AGAIN....CHARGE YOU TWICE N THEY HAVE NO CONTACT NUMBER TO CALL TO FIX PROBLEM.......OLA YOU ARE A DISGRACE......
            
                Very this system of thief's, the charging people's 🙄 😒 a lot of money, ride of 60 pounds,  the charge us 127😡😡😡🤬🤬
            
                Have to give one star as no option for zero. I used OLA only once over year ago and until now all good but suddenly OLA started taking money from my credit card. Lucky my bank covered the fraud and even I changed my credit card number they still try to charge old card.
            
                Ola UK don't care and protect interests of its partners drivers. They have no policy of reimbursement if the rider makes mess in the car. A pathetic customer care service.
            
                Terrible company absolutely should be shut down. Unpaid taxi fare of less than £5. I did not know about it. No call not nothing. They have instructed debt collection agency to recover less than £5. Absolutely shocking! Stay away people
            
                went out got an ola cab 33 pound there 65 pound back work that out do not use thet are totally con artists stick with your local cab firm
            
                bad experince, about the company ola  i pay 53£ but no the course for airoport luton is 40£ but  the driver  he dindn't to the airoport he left me in luton station and liar me coming anonther taxi in 5 minutes., stay safe this  thievies.
            
                Unfortunately, there is no possibility to give them 0 star! Very poor service, a driver brought my daughter to a wrong place and asked to walk 10 minutes to the right destination!Driver deliberately took longer way and I was overcharged despite the fixed fare when booked.Never ever again and the app was deleted!
            
                DELETE OLA APP.Please do not use this app. I have used them twice in a week and both times I was charged £6 cancellation fee when drivers cancelled! I spoke to customer service three times, who were a challenge, they agreed £15 credit (and no refund), which disappeared after a £5 ride. App deleted.
            
                Charged me six times for two rides , no help when I called them.
            
                Bookd  cab for work travel to train station .Driver phoned me saying he was on otherside of Newport which he wasn't.he was 9 mins away .then he said he couldn't do it .and cancelled.All was good on app payment connecting with driver then he disappeared off map and then phoned me.Please please please never use this bunch of 🐒. red dragon Wales is the better option.Ola you lose another customer .And I give you minus 5 🌟 if I could .Discusting service avoid !!!
            
                We Cancelled our plane because no auto came,try to fix it as fast as possible.We booked 3-4 autos but no auto came they accepted but didn't come.
            
                Don't even touch their app! They will charge you for it. Wanted to book a ride yesterday late afternoon 'no cars available' so I tried Uber and they had cars available so booked one. However, when I checked my bank account, out of two trips I have been charged for FOUR. Three with uber and one with Ola. Trying to contact them is a nightmare. Phone numbers can be found but mostly they are only for drivers. Others have an announcement before you get connected that they have nothing to do with Ola or Uber.
            
                Driver himself cancelled my journey and charged me extra for cancellation.  In this covid there is no extra precautions taken by drivers. They keep on spitting all the time and they don't wear mask. It's very risky to travel in Ola service.
            
                Worst service ever..drivers are so unprofessional ..driver himself changed the route and that route was so long that at the end of the trip they charged me twice of the estimated fare..
            
                Deduct amount from ola money and taking full payment cash also. Driver cancelled my journey and they charge me 15rs.not response from customer support
            
                I would not even give them 1 star. Poor customer service at all counts. Book a ride, the driver goes somewhere else and you’re charged. Complain about it, they offer you a $2.76 refund without any explanation or anything. Taking us as a fool. I had trouble deleting my account. So I hope my data is safe. The app has glitches so don’t think the drivers are totally at fault.  I deleted the app and will not use them. Their complaints handling is ridiculous.
            
                Such a worst services especially ola auto. The auto drivers always ask extra 10 or 20 rs from the bill. Always I and and friends get issue with auto drivers unless it we dint the extra money they won't come for pickup .Ola company should warn drivers to behave well.especially if we refuse to give them money they behave rudely some time they scold in bad words. This kind of thing won't happen with any other services except Ola auto. Kindly request Ola company to give advice to your Ola drivers otherwise in future no body will choose Ola .
            
                This is the first time I am using Ola that too because of COVID situation and it has been a very bad experience. I think where OLA should have been a little more sensitive during COVID situation they are in fact by taking long routes and over charging the customers for the same.Being a doctor my each minute is precious (and not only for me it is for each customer) but every time the ola people take a longer route to mint more money and at the same time I always reach my clinic late despite boarding the Ola Auto on time. I have been travelling since 6 Jul 2020 and mostly i get a fare of around 162/- sometimes it is 174 or 182/- and little bit difference in amount is understandable but on many rides they calculate the fare around 240 and that much difference is not acceptable. When their driver cancels the ride then also they charge it from the customer, even after complaining they don't refund the amount. They deliberately take long routes to overcharge the customers and now last time when i refused to pay 240 and paid my regular fare so now they have been asking me to pay 81 rs to resume the services. Instead of unethically extracting money from customers OLA should make sure that their services are up to the mark. So my advise to OLA1. Value your passenger/customer's time2. Value their money3. Make sure you take correct routes so that your customers are not overcharged and also they reach their destination on time.4. Don't unnecessarily harass your customers and your drivers (i have seen your drivers too frustrated with your management)5. Whereas you claim that you are following all precautionary guidelines for COVID but I have seen only 20% of your OLA autos having a protective sheet between the driver and passenger, I have not seen any of your OLA driver sanitizing the seats, many drivers have to be repeatedly reminded of wearing their mask.Being a doctor I had thought by using your services it would be convenient for me to reach my clinic comfortably and on time. But I was highly disappointed. So stop harassing your customers and if you continue to send me messages to pay for the overcharged ride then I will have to move to the consumer court since i have screen shots of all the rides that I have taken with you so far. Anyhow I am sure of one thing I will never recommend OLA to anyone.Dr. Jaishree
            
                I booked a car.  It arrived on time and took me to my destination.  However the price quoted was between £11-17 with 10 percent discount.  I got charged £21.20.  How is that possible.  Will never use them again.  You have now lost a good customer for a few pounds.
            
                I would definitely rate ola ZERO!!! I paid for a ride three days ago, maybe two days ago which that was fine! The guy who drove me was cool so I rated him 5 stars and tipped him a couple dollars. When I got home I took at look at my statement and all $400 gone as well as $23 dollar over drawn on my account so they took close to $423 or more!!! Just for a fhhjjjhhhking cab!!! Then they have the cheek to ask for evidence!!!!!! Which I know is protocols but is protocols not getting back to me and Still haven’t gotten back to me, my poor kids haven’t eaten for a couple days because they took all our money and haven’t even replied a single message!!!! My country is in lockdown level 3 I am in AUCKLAND so we just can’t go out, I’m so frustrated and my kids are too you could just imagine!!!! Please give my money back I need it!!!! I have nothing to live off
            
                I booked a ride with Ola, has been accepted and should wait 8 min. After 25 min driver arrived and told me that my booking has been cancelled and he’s got s new job. Luck of professionalism, waste of time.... i will never book a ride with Ola. Booking on 29/08/20 CRN4890757155
            
                I'm from Chennai yesterday booked a cab for visiting Hospital. I booked rental (4 hrs 40kms). As usual he took wrong turns which is also fine. Took cab for 1 pm reached hospital in 50 mins. He waited for 45 mins and Dr. Asked me to go for a scan which is 2 kms away. I'm having a 8 months old baby. I ask him he said I can't come to kilpauk. Better u close this cab and take another one. I'm saying it's just 2 kms away. Without any humanity he said take another one. Still 4 hrs didn't complete. His rude behavior I don't want to travel with him. Pls I'm having his name and number. Ola should take appropriate action on him
            
                I would give no stars if possible. Pretty sure this company is a scam. Tried to use them as they were new and had great new member deals. Service really is everything!Ordered a taxi and waited at the end of my road as I know there can be bad traffic. Taxi said 3mins. After he took 4 wrong turns from my route and was driving away from my address I cancelled and was change. Gave them a second go another day thinking that must be a one off bad driver. Again book a taxi, wait outside my front door, mask on. Taxi is at the bottom of my road, doesn’t turn down the road and cancels my journey because I’m not following covid protocols. Get charged. Then again have to use another service to make my journey and have to pay twice.I called immediately to customer services and he said sorry loads of drivers are doing that at the moment. Annoying I know but I’m not authorised to give you a refund. Clearly they are not set up to actually take journeys fully. A lot of marketing and terrible service. Wouldn’t use again and wouldn’t recommend. Would warn people way.
            
                Ola is a Scammer company, I was a driver, and I have completed a trip from London to Sheffield and return back to Watford, but Ola didn’t pay the journey, I spoke to several Ola shift managers and they all agreed that I should get paid but the higher department said i didn’t do the journey,I have recorded all the phone conversation with Ola.so just imagine if they Can do this to me as a driver partner, what would they do to a passenger, be careful with your bank card details and be careful with this company,Thanks
            
                What can I say... Im not impressed with Ola. Prices are misleading. Gives you a travelling price on the app and then charges you lots more. Not impressed! I will never ever use them again and I wouldn't recommend them. I would rather ride a horse or a broomstick!
            
                Absolutely the worst cab booking app out there. Charged me money without any booking or anything.. now i have headache to try get the refund.AVOID
            
                The driver (RICHARDEGHERT THOMAS) was lier to his mssge and cancelled my ride after waiting for him for almost 30min.  He said he was outside our house but he wasn't. He was given a back up message that our address is in sanderstead and not in warlingham -- as there were  two  limpsfield road -- i cautioned him thru message  as i booked the ride  .  VERY bad experience from this driver representing OLA cabs UK.
            
                Ola cab is just looting moneyI added money in Ola money the amount got deducted and driver ask for the cashThis is horrible when I raised a complaint on Ola support they just refund me 20% deducted from the walletThis is ridiculousSuggestion not to pay money from Ola money
            
                Worst cab company ever experienced so far. The cab driver had cancelled the trip after boarding into the car. I had a very urgent Hospital appointment and I had to book Uber. Please advise not to book any trip with this company as they can cancel the trip after boarding into the car.
            
                Terrible exorbitant company A journey l take with Uner for 8£ was 18£ with Ola OMG Never again will l use this company First and last
            
                Excellent service!!!!!! Loved ola. Quick drivers, sound customer service and very safe. Highly recommended.
            
                Ola is s***, they gave me free credit but they charge me 2x plus their driver is tribble. Avoid their trap. No free credit.
            
                Terrible company driver made me cancel ride because journey was too far, made me believe i wouldnt get charged, and now im beinf denied a refund. Terrible customer service !!!!
            
                Ola postpaid option is looting our money.The prices are increased after the ride is taken . Also the default option is kept as postpaid intensionally. ola needs to understand people's concern about money.
            
                New rider customers sign up using this referal code HL427N for £5 off your first ride.
            
                OLA ARE TRASH, I don’t expect to order cabs , have my money taken and no cab even arrive. YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE TEAM CAN GO HEADBUTT A SHARP KNIFE
            
                Driver charged double fares and they didn't refund my amount after so many mails there is no response from them.
            
                Disappointed. Poor support with issues. They quote one price then charge another. Quote was normal price ride started 0458 was charged 1.8 times rate. Normal Taxi is cheaper and no shortage 5am on a Wednesday. Avoid imho
            
                Ola Cab Provide Bad Serives. Ola App cheat with me Seond time. Ola App Charge higher than estimated fare. They did not refund my money. they charge 157 rs. extra from me .when i book Ola cab for my family from Jawahar Park, Khanpur delhi to Ashok Vihar Gurgaon. Thier driver behave rudely.
            
                This particular driver was disgusting with how he treated my Aunty and uncle. His name is (Muhammad azam javed) I cant believe he asked for extra cash to take them home. Not only was she going to pay the fair ride but he stops half way and tells her if she wants him to take her home she has to give him $20, and my Aunty who doesn’t speak really good English didn’t know what was going on she gave it to him and then when he finally takes her home she asked if he could help her take the wheel chair out for her since she had to take my uncle inside cause he can’t walk on his own and he refused unless she paid him $10.!!! How disgusting of a human being. She didn’t pay him the $10 so he drove off with the wheel chair!!!! The next day she left the chair near our letter box and it was raining heavy that day and it got soaked. I will take this further and will name and shame him. Disgraceful he should get fired !!!!!!!
            
                On Friday I sent Ola an email asking whether I needed to pre-notify them that I was exempt from wearing a Face mask, as per TfL and Government guidance. They eventually replied:“ We acknowledge the information shared by you however as per the Current Situation wearing a mask is mandatory.“We will not be able to make any changes to the policy on this. If you need any clarity we request you to please contact us on...”When I queried this I received an almost identical reply. In frustration, I took to Twitter and was directed by Ola to “new” guidance regarding face masks. When I pointed out that this TfL guidance pre-dated their categorical email refusing exemptions they blocked my Twitter account. Can you trust this approach to customer “service”?
            
                Dear Sir, First I have thanks to all of you for you have give response on my complaint very quickly. Further as per conversation with your customer person on dated 8th August 2020, please I would like to request you, don't Dismiss or loos his job but give him warning for this behaviour so he will not doing like this next time.Lastly, I have withdrawn my complaint against CRN 4866839175 on immediate basis.Thanks and regards,Rahul Mayekar8097380108
            
                Since I can't drive for now due to mechanical issues with my vehicle. I have been using Ola   a lot. Please guys, don't message you have arrived in pick a point if you are still 1 to 5  minutes away, and then you charge waiting time. That is not good practice. We can see it in the app, how far you are and how many minutes more before you arrive. Most often than not I stand by the road waiting even before my ride arrives. So you can't trick me that you arrived early and charge a waiting fee.
            
                A different driver arrived in a different car with non matching rego.
            
                Ola postpaid option is looting our money.The prices are increased after the ride is taken . Also the default option is kept as postpaid intensionally. ola needs to understand people's concern about money.Also most of the drivers ask for cash.I don't know why it is being called as cashless ride
            
                Very bad customer service don't listen to the customer i had my first ride and said 30% joining discount they charged me £19 driver took me for a round ride to make more money and i asked the driver why you didn't take the first exit he said the app is showing this route calculations £19-£4 discount £15 i took a ride with bolt they charged me £12.50 i call customer service talking something else please be careful this ola rides are ripping off customers
            
                Ola kept allowing my driver to extend the pick up time...then charge me $1 to cancel....this company should be prosecuted..
            
                Worst experience I have ever had.  Driver drove one handed across the steering wheel, on the phone for the whole journey concerned about the congestion charge for the ride.  Dropped me off 1.2 miles from the actual destination.  tried to report through the app twice no response.  finally got a response reporting a safety issue.  Worst customer service awful, blocked the driver from my account, policy is not to refund, absolutely awful these guys should not be running a customer based business.
            
                My driver got into a car accident by bumping into a stationary car, causing me to have a minor head injury. He did not apologise or ask how I was, drove round the corner and asked me to get out of the car because he had insurance issues to deal with. He did not have the decency to finish the journey to take me to my destination after the trauma he had caused.Upon calling Ola to formally complain, I was not offered much solace and had difficulty getting them to return the money from that particular ride, let alone get any compensation.
            
                Utterly rubbish. And good luck trying to speak to someone from customer service
            
                Ola has very poor service.And here she takes extra charge from her customer
            
                Do not use. I got an oka taxi this evening, The taxi driver refused after many requests to wear a mask properly (he hadn’t it only over his mouth not nose). I told him this was for my safety and not his but he still utterly refused. He then forced me out of taxi before my destination. Ola then refused to offer me a refund. I spoke to the customer service and they gave me a £5 voucher but I will never use ola again. Feel much safer in an Uber and the price is the same. Compete disgrace. Will post this everywhere I can to avoid people feeling as unsafe I did.
            
                In one of my rides, their system failed to process my credit card payment pre- authorisation in app.They never contacted me or advised about faulty system they operate with or that my payment was not processed and then all of a sudden a debt collection email is sent out to me.So frustrating and sad at how their customer Service is so bad, no better than uber.
            
                I used this cab company in London and has a number of negative experiences. In the latest I flagged a dangerous driver that had picked me up. They followed up and almost made me feel like I was to blame for the reckless driving because I did not confront the driver!!! When I asked if there is a compensation for this or even any discount they said no. It is also very difficult to talk to anyone at Ola because of the poor level of English. I had immediately rang them after the event and the lady that picked up could not understand anything I was saying and when I asked to speak to someone else that person could not speak/comprehend English either.
            
                The taxi driver just drove off with my shopping. I contacted the company thru the stupid app. They took 8 hours to tell me the driver does not have my shopping. So where's the shopping? The taxi drivers a THEIF. The app a load of rubbish. Complete waste of money. They dont help with nothing they just take.
            
                Terrible service - ola hold your money as a deposit for days - no customer service - just shocking - do not use
            
                Worst driver &amp; OLA spreading Micro Terrorism by Drivers who behave worst way with deep rooted sentiments. Hey, stop sending MUSLIM DRIVERS &amp; VEHICLES owned by this community who collect above FARE &amp; MOBILISES Muslims from public causing riotic atmosphere threatening customers to pay in cash, denying digital payments.
            
                Ola Driver Refused to take all 4 passengers, Got Charged cancellation fee of $10 2 months Later, very disappointing. Good scam system they have. NEVER AGAIN!
            
                Yesterday i book a cab ...whn i book it the fare was showing rs 81 then suddenly after 2mins the fare become 131...So, i have to cancel the ride...how can it charge so much amount for such a small distance...many times i m harased by ola now days 😠😠
            
                I was charged £6 for a ride that the driver cancelled. Customer services then refused to refund the money to my account. Don't book with OLA.
            
                I lost my phone in the Ola Cab because I took out of my pocket to show Ola how I feel unsafe during in my ride because the driver speed was high and during in drive use he second phone! It was my mistake I did check my pocket when I left the car and I run behind the car and I try to stop the driver because my phone was left in the backseat! After 10-15- minutes later I call Support they said during in my call couldn't reach the driver! So I call after that nightmare every day Support and I asked them if they contact with the driver! After 3Days and 5phone call later they can have opportunity to talk with the driver! Regarding the poor quality Support I call the Support Team and I mentioned them they break the terms and conditions first Second They actually break the law because the Costumer Support give me wrong information about my concerns and because I recorded all those phone calls it's my right to take them to the court because actually they made a Crime in UK! I don't know how a long and what's the end about the story only what I know stay away for that Company!
            
                I am Deepak Kumar I booked ola cab from Qutab Vihar Delhi to Budh Vihar Phase 2 on 09.07.2020 and fare is show Rs.350 but when my family reached at Budh vihar the fare shows Rs.400 then I ask to Driver why this fare is increase he gives me reply very Rude and tell to ask regarding fare to ola Owner I am very shocked to listen this reply. This ola Driver name is Dharmender Kumar and he is very Rude person.so I request to the concern person to take some action because these types of employee creating a bad impression of OLA which is very effective.
            
                2bad experiences in 1 week . First ride  cab was heading to a completely different destination to what I booked .i had to call support  As I paid £ 10 more then the fare I was estimated when I booked got £7 refund !!  . 5 days later used again as I thought the first mistake was a one off. 2 of the drivers cancelled one after the other and I was charged 2 £6 cancellation fees. I called again received one £6 refund they would not give me the other £6 said they had issue coupon for £6 which I still Haven’t  received. Completely useless service and support I’m deleting their app and I will not be using again 😡
            
                Wish they had introduced 0 rating as well. I was wrongly charged for a ride that I booked on June 27th for which I paid the driver via Gpay. I thought that was it. I tried booking another ride after a couple of days and the app asked me to pay outstanding amount of Rs 581 to book a new ride, which for obvious reasons I didn't pay. Since then I've been receiving continuous messages on my phone to pay the due. I tried reaching ola support for consecutively 2 days from the app which felt like a lifetime of struggle (I'm sure most of us will agree to it) and I got connected to an executive. I told her all that had happened, then I got to know that the driver had raised a complaint of not being paid. I was shell shocked and told her that I have all of the details along with the transaction receipt to which she said ok I've raised a complaint on behalf of you and the team will get in touch via mail (which never happened). I waited for a couple of days and wrote a mail to ola support for which I got the same revert that the team is working on the issue and get quick help by clicking "support section" in the ola app. Today, the 9th of July, I wrote them back and there's nothing from them again. I guess I've made my point and by the look of other user's experience, we all know what decision to be taken.
            
                They charged me $17 extra to what was the actual bill. Looking at all the reviews posted here, it seems it was my fault that I booked a ride with them.
            
                I went to book a ride with Ola for the first time but after searching for a few minutes there were no cars available so I ended up getting an Uber Instead. Ola still charged me $27 for a ride I never took. I have been back and forth trying to get my money back which Ola are making no effort to do so. The service is shocking and the fact they are charging people for rides they never took is disgusting. Do not use this company.
            
                On thursday 2nd July I requested a cab on ola at 8.17pm the cab driver said it’s one minute away then app goes the driver cancelled even though on the map he was literally few seconds from my location at the same time it was pouring rain I had my 4 year old and disable mother with me I then quickly requested another cab this cab arrived. When I got home I realised I got charged for the cab driver who cancelled on me I called ola the advisor I spoke to named spencer said there is nothing he can do then put meOn hold and cut the line I then called back again and said this is unfare he himself said to me he can see the driver cancelled after getting to the location I said to him so the driver did this yet I am charged and your saying there nothing you can do about this. He said he can’t refund my money and then later putting me on hold again then goes the driver saying he couldn’t find you and that’s why he cancelled I was so furious at this point it’s like the guy on the phone seemed so unbothered and having a laugh about this. He goes he sent a voucher code to only use on the app for the amount I then said I do not want this my money was taken unfarelyI want my money refunded he goes they cannot and can use this on my next journey I then explained I don’t want to use this app again.
            
                223213369, this is the issue id with ola. At time of pre book fare- 3500, at time of booking- 4000, at end of trip fare- 5800.The trip showed 230 km when I searched in google maps it was 180 km. So people please be aware of this company, they are inflating the kms and charing extra. It has been a month and they have not resolved my query.
            
                I bought the car CLA class 200 with lux package for the premium service following the official car requirements. Ola replied I’m not eligible for that . If not why post this to the website . It’s confused customers to with work it . Keep saying higher class than Cla . But doesn’t has Particularly model.
            
                Please think twice and do not use this app especially when you're in an emergency. I have to say that yesterday was a disaster because of Ola. I had a midwife appointment at the UCLH in the early morning and tried to get a taxi from Ola three times. The first driver accepted my booking request immediately. After 6 minutes he called me and said "You're going to Euston where has £15 congestion fee. Sorry, but I can't go there. You have to cancel it." I didn't want to be late; therefore, I listened to him and made another booking. The second driver didn't even arrive at the destination point and replied to neither my call nor my massages, for this Ola applied £6 cancellation fee to my account. After 15 minutes, the third driver came and picked me up at a few steps beyond my first departure location. I called Ola to explain what happened and get the cancellation fee. Unfortunately, they didn't refund due to changing my first departure point a few steps and didn't understand it was the second driver's fault. The only thing they need to do is checking two locations on the map.  At the end of the day, I was 45 minutes late for my appointment:(
            
                What a rubbish company. Waited 20 mins for a cab that was supposed to be 1 min away. Driver rings to say where are you... I said I'm waiting outside at the address that was sent via the app... Then the plonker hangs up on me... Great service by Ola and great service by Mr Nouman from Coventry. Will be going back to Uber... Disgusting... Avoid.
            
                No one seems to know what’s going on at Ola customer service,It’s not fast when it comes to driver updates  I have been waiting 72hours to update a phone number and still no result the company seems to take ages where UBER gives you the choice to update documents and phone numbers much faster and more decent so all these new apps in London are just waste of time , best to stick with UBER better and more Decent
            
                Had a terrible experience with ola. I am a 17 year old girl and got an ola alone at night in which I was repeatedly asked inappropriate sexual questions by the middle aged rider and I was begged to stay in the car at the end of the ride. I asked for a refund for the $40 trip and was told I would be given a $10 coupon which I never received. Will not be using ola again. V uncomfortable and felt unsafe and not heard throughout whole experience
            
                We had a very experience with our last ride.  The driver kept interrupting our conversation and tried to be part of it.  Then, at the end of the ride he didn't finished the ride and kept going even though we weren't in the car. We contacted Ola to stop the ride and to know how much it was.  We agreed on a price on the phone and then few days later Ola charged us a different amount to our card which is double to original amount almost $400 for something that it should have been $200.The driver also add a waiting charge that he didn't agree to previously and took the longest route.
            
                Won’t use them again got a cab the driver wouldn’t take me without a code I didn’t receive the code he said he can’t take me until I give him the code or he will cancel my ride very bad horrible experience won’t recommend or use ola again was charged a high charge avoid this company fraud and steal extra money from you bank account fraudulent
            
                Good taxi service, quick, not bad prices Promo code; BT4JT1U - £4 OFF 1st RIDE
            
                First time riding , firstly the referral on the website didn’t work. Then before the cab even arrived they charged me the highest rate of my ride, once u was dropped off at my destination I received a receipt for over £5 less than what they took out of my account to begin with and no refund to be seen. Raised a complaint however customer care are absolutely awful no use what so ever just reply to reply rather than answer any questions. Will Definitley not be using again and definitely do not recommend !
            
                They been charged me twice I did contact them and that amount still on pending since 25.05.20. Must be a joke. Never gonna use again ola.
            
                Never used this service before but they some how managed to get my bank details and started charging my account.  Reading other reviews I can now see it’s full of fraudsters and rapists. Luckily my bank is a bit more switched on than a monkey company operate-rating out of a tin shed in India.
            
                it is very help full to the people who travels in city with groups or individual with irrespective of time like even at mid night and irrespective of location with the help og gps .
            
                I am a disabled man, I used the app to order a tax to take me home. The driver went to my destination and not the pick up point. I forced to cancel and was charged a cancellation fee of £4.50. when I phoned their office to complain I was told I wasn't eligible for a refund, no explanation why. I was offered a £5 off my next order. This is not good enough, I wasn't at fault, the driver was. Yet I have to pay for his mistake. Do becareful. As far as I am concerned they stole that cancellation fee.
            
                I was under the impression OLA had taken the money for a trip. I had NO communication from OLA until 5 months later I received an email in my junk folder telling me I had to pay £8 or they would be contacting debt recovery. I WASN'T even aware I was in debt as my OLA account said the payment had been taken! AVOID AVOID AVOID!! I’ll never use them again. I’d recommend UBER!
            
                Never had any bad experiences normally with this company but I have noticed recently a lot of the drivers are working for Uber and Ola. I got a taxi last night, it was 18 miles and I ordered it Ola. The charge was £28. As soon as I got a taxi, I had a notification that £41 had been declined from Uber... I have not linked this card to my Ola or Uber, but the charge came as soon as I got out the taxi (just like it does with Uber).I’m really concerned and do not trust using this app anymore. I haven’t used Uber for years so I know there is nothing outstanding on there, I am now going to have to go through a process on my bank to order a new card and block payments from them but something doesn’t sit right with me!
            
                One but should be zero.Unacceptable waiting time, riders accepting rides and then going everywhere but toward my location.If you want be in a specific place at a specific time don't use this app.
            
                I am Unable to relogin into Ola app after using mobile number as login. A phone call is received for confirmation and even after giving confirmation, the app doesn't moves forward to next screen.
            
                Avoid like the plague very unprofessional and dishonest. Used for the first time today and experience poor. Booked to be picked up with my shopping  at a particular  spot but the driver decided to park in another spot and did not have the commonsense  to  call me  to say  so. When I eventually located  the cab and asked why he didnt phone me. His response was that he was not taking me and he drove off. I was left stranded  with my shopping and he had the cheek to still charge a £4.50 cancellation fee. How many more people has Ola ripped off in this way? Dishonest disgusting behaviour!
            
                Ola are just the worst company with an absolutely inept customer services team. They charged me twice for three trips totaling £30.75. 9 calls later and I was still arguing with them to get my money back. In the end I had to report them to my bank for fraud and my bank refunded the money to me. What a waste of my time all because of this disreputable company. Avoid at all costs, it's just not worth the hassle. Stick with Uber. At least they have proper processes and customer service.
            
                Would not reccomend using Ola cabs in London, they are based in india and have some dodgy ways of vetting drivers, also their safety level are very low, the staff that work in customer service have been caught  using people personal data to sell on.  I have this information from insiders who work in Transport for london. Uber is probably the most reliable after back cabs so stick to them!!!
            
                Used this company twice.-Both times the drivers were ‘weird’ at best, and made me uncomfortable.-I am male by the way.One of the drivers asked me what I was laughing at, despite me having headphones in.-I wasn’t laughing overly loudly or obnoxiously...Would never use this company ever again.
            
                I was driving  for them and there was some issue with app didn't  give me rides  for more than 1 week. At the end got ride and when I finish that trip tere was no button  to finish trip, only cancel.  I cancelled  and contact support  team with all informations what happened  ,which trip ... They have told me that I will not get paid for that trip because  I cancelled.  What a dodgy  company.
            
                Recently i have cleared all my postpaid dues and the money has also been credited to ola wallet but after 2 days they sent me a msg that payment could not be processed plus they kept the money too. For more than a month they are calling me 10 times a hour, which is so absurd. Asking for the money which they kept that i paid for and still asking for money. They are seriously a cheat mentally harassing their clients. In this situation too they are looking for opportunities of how to cheat and create fuss just because of the fraud they want to create to get money illegally. And even after tons of mails they are not taking any kinda steps.
            
                They are fraudsters, every other day they take £1 out your account unauthorised, they took my bank details and registered it to a different account. copied my details to another Apple Pay and used it I have over £50 missing in my account. I called to let them know and the lady other the phone couldn’t even explain why my details were being used or even apologise. All she could say was your money will be refunded. I also asked her why it says it’s being used in Amsterdam when I live in the uk and still no explanations, just you will get a refund. Advice to you guys delete the app NOW !!!!! It’s a joke honestly kmt
            
                People never use this fu**king service. They are frauds and cheaters billed unnecessary amount even without riding. Ride was only for 3 km and their stupid driver charged for 11 km.
            
                Won't be using again. First time I used this cab service. Was offered £5 off. Driver was going wrong way and we offered him the postcode several times because he was going to a wrong address for some reason but he just wouldn't listen. He just told us the sat nav sometimes gives you a route to avoid traffic but it turns out he was heading to a completely wrong address. Should have been charged £7-£11 but it was £20 because of the seriously long and wrong route taken to a wrong address. With the '£5 off' it was still £15. Called the helpline and it was like she was not listening and answering questions I had not asked about the driver not turning up, it was bizarre. She could not speak English very well and had a heavy accent so was difficult to understand as well. Told me she would refund £1.85? No idea why or how she worked this out? Avoid at all costs!Update:After several emails back and forth they said they would give me a refund of £6.20. Have finally got my refund but I have deleted their app and won't be using again.
            
                Not a nice company to work with They don’t look after they drive Work with uber
            
                Awful, I’m a key worker in the UK and have to get to work 4 times a week, while I can’t use public transport to get there, OLA has been the worst choice because they are taking two payments, one is in reservation for 7 days (7 days have gone, still haven’t received my money back) and other one is taken when I get out of the cab. So I one day I’m losing about 50£ to get to work and 50£ to get home. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND if you don’t want some unwanted surprises.
            
                Just ordered can from Wandsworth Sainsburys.to take my disabled grandmother shopping to her in roehampton.do you know that this driver stay out of sight and cancelled my cab.but did not cancel it on the system so as I would lose my money.and now I'm left with a whole lot of shopping and no more money to get home.I'm sick of these new cab system were you can't speak to the control. No good.
            
                First few rides have been okay, however.... I sent a taxi to meet my partner to bring her home, the driver decided to alter from the route twice and worried my partner as he started heading in the opposite direction. Ola decided that the fare was in parameters and reject my claim. Next taxi from work to home, I decided to track what routes were being applied. The primary route was ignored and the driver went in the wrong direction. The route then changed to go directly towards my home. The driver then started heading again in the wrong direction.Ola again made the decision that the fare was in parameters. It seems that they are encouraging drivers to take excessive routes to get more money out of customers.This is not good business ethics and is ripping people off. The worst thing about it is the drivers are also exploiting women alone, which can be a bit worrying. I called my partner whilst she was in the car and told her to ask the guy why he was travelling in the opposite direction. If I didn’t do that I dread to think what could have happened, the plastic all over the seats was something that also worried my partner. With covid 19 about, this could be because of that, however seems a bit excessive.Have decided against using Ola in the future as they clearly aren’t reliable or trust worthy.This raises the question as to whether ola drivers are properly screened prior to working.
            
                Although they give you £5 off the driver had no idea where he was going and i ended paying more.  Extremely poor service.
            
                During my time driving for this company, their app has been extremely faulty, with rides randomly getting canceled and summaries are not sent out as well. Resolving issues through there driver care is/was a nightmare and wouldn't recommend anyone to drive for them or even ride with them. Their discounts are a complete waste of time as the app barely functions correctly.After there customer service people kept telling me I was the problem when it came to not access my payment summaries only to find out later by the 10th phone call that they don't/refuse to let you see how much you have earnt in total, this should be illegal as you have no idea what they are doing behind the scenes.I wouldn't ever want to drive for them again, or deal with their customer service every in my life.GO WITH ANY OTHER COMPANY!
            
                Cheap thugs .they owe me 680 £ i have worked 70 hours .did not get paid .beware all drivers do not work with them if you are working for money .never again
            
                We have been waiting for response from ola bout payment issue have been top yesterday or this morning no contact rung 6x been palmed off no way to ring customer support just stack customer service
            
                They charge you twice for 1 journey, once for deposit and then for the actual journey itself.It takes days to get the initial deposit backBEWARE OF THIS COMPANY!!!
            
                NEGLIGENCE. SAFETY FIRST. DO NOT USE IF YOU ARE FEMALE TRAVELLING ALONE. PLEASE VALUE YOUR SAFETY. DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE WITH THIS COMPANY. I AM SPEAKING FROM EXPERIENCE. MY CASE HAS NOT BEEN SOLVED. THE DRIVER MAY STILL BE DRIVING. PLEASE DO NOT IGNORE THIS WARNING. OLA IS NOT SAFE.
            
                Just rubbish company who operate from India. There call center run by incompetent people who has no knowledge about London work. Avoid to work for them.Didn't pay my incentive money even their apps showed I have done my job
            
                Very bad service. Started driving with ola and after 3 days my account got suspended. I was told that i uploaded different insuarance document. Finally found that, verification team of ola read my insurance company's post code as my car registration number. It took nearly three weeks to make them understand thebdifference between post code and car registration number. Head office from  London called and apologised and said they won't pay a single penny  for the stress, inconvenience and for the loss of income. Office told that, the company dont pay any sort of compensation as drivers are third party contractors. What does ola really means by ola partner. I was penalised for their fault.
            
                Ola is the worst company ever to work with. Shitt as staff they have and don't know what to do. 1 am calling the ola for the same issue from last 2 weeks and dont have any outcome yet. They will never call you back to tell you the status. Be careful drivers.
            
                I'm a driver in London. I referred another driver. I called them when I didn't receive referral payment. Adviser kept me on hold for few minutes to find out the reason. When I put call on mute, immediately, he dropped the call. I called back, explained again to another adviser. I was told, in 2 working days, £10 will be credited.After 3 days, I called them to find out. Adviser read a note of previous adviser and said, previous adviser made a note that "i had a bad experience with rider and ride was unsafe". But I had not reported anything like that but false note was created on my profile by previous adviser. I didn't mind losing £10 but now I'm scared of Ola's fraud.When company was launched in London, My friend selected Ola ultimate plan. He called Ola customer service for confirmation and he was confirmed on the phone. After a week when he didn't receive money as per plan. He called them and they said, he was not one of the first 1500 driver. So, he was put on another plan. When he asked to check the recorded phone calls, he was told that there was no phone call made or receive on that day and time.We get notifications for promotional offers in the morning. When they see more drivers are rushing for that offers, immediately they change the promotion. I feel, I am cheated by Ola.Finally uninstall the app.I don't know how they got licence from TFL.i'm scared (on youtub  / watch?v=7rmvhwwiQAY)
            
                Stop your adverts it is disgusting!!! Annoying!!!
            
                I am a driver and soon realised this is company is a fraud.I am on ola ultimate plan and wanting to move to Ola flex. Ola ultimate they charge £180 a week so I said I want to change, for 3 weeks Iv been emailing and calling them and each time they say it will be done but never does, I said I want to leave altogether but they still say I can’t do that.I will report this to tfl.I’m warning all driver and new drivers to be aware of this fraud.
            
                I wouldn’t even rate it with one star, is the worst app ever, very rude and unprofessional even the costumer service, I am not gonna even talk about the riders, I think they got the driving licence by mistake or luck. If they don’t like the rude they wait until you cancel, if you try to contact them, they don’t pick up. I am starting appreciating Uber much more.
            
                My driver forgot and took the wrong exit which was his fault and which made the journey more longer my fare cost £13.00  however, because of his mistake I was charged £19.** .... I want my refund...
            
                My first time using this company the driver came on time, helped me with my beauty couch, dropped me to my location and had a lovely conversation on the way!
            
                The agent referred to the wrong problem.My issue is with my $10 referral voucher that I've added to my account mid-Feb after my boyfriend gave me his referral code. I have contacted Ola back then complaining about my inability to use the voucher even though whenever I try to add it again to my account the app says that the voucher has already been added and Ola stopped replying after 2 emails. After that, I started receiving emails from Ola saying that my $10 discount was available and all I had to do was to book a ride. Well, I've booked a ride today and guess what? My $10 was not applied. I would like a refund for my ride and also my $10 voucher applied to my account.
            
                Oh. My. God. If I see one more advert for this company I think I’ll loose my mind!!!For the last three weeks, if not more, Every YouTube video I watch is plagued by them. It’s actually relentless to the point where I don’t want to watch YouTube anymore. Their adverts suck, acting like they invented the taxi service, promoting ideas to problems that other companies solved a long time ago and in a much better way. It’s a joke and it needs to stop. I think it might actually be worse than the time TikTok took over YT - and was bad.Ola if you read this, be safe in the knowledge that I will never download your app or use your services based on your marketing strategy alone.
            
                Their marketing campaign is intrusive and repetitive to the point that it feels invasive. They claim they are not the competition whilst not doing anything to be different. Simply on their bullying marketing tactics I will never use Ola.
            
                I wish there was a option of giving less than a star pathetic service by ola and the drivers are so rude my god.. they cancel rides on their own they dont take responsibilty of their stupid actions and cherry on the top is ola dont have any site where we can give drivers details who misbehave. Its like ola wants to irritate and frustrate us. I wish this company get closed if not get better soon
            
                It’s good service in car but customer service is very bad. One day before I took 2 ride but ola company change 4 time. When I see my bank statement I saw 4 transactions from ola and I contracted ola customer care they told me it’s deducted for security purposes. When I finished my ride they took the money from my account and again they charge me 2nd time for security purposes...why. What kind of security???? It’s without any service and without any of my authorisation. 3 time I talk with customer care they have to clean answer and one guy told me it’s deposit in your account within 24 hours but 24 hours later again 1 girl call me she told me it’s took some days. OMG what’s happening. It’s really i crime. Without my authorisation ola take money from my account. Still I’m waiting for my money.....
            
                Today, my friend booked Ola Cab for me to travel from Panchkula to Gurgaon which showed a fare of Rs. 2500. I started from Panchkula at 5:00 AM. None the less, the cab took more than 6 hours to reach.More over apart from this 2500, I had to pay different tolls, Taxes from my pocket which costed around 1000 bucks. Fare also showed more than 2500. I could have booked a Flight. Ola is not at all advisable from my side to travel on long routes. Plus, I would always prefer taking Bla Bla, Flight or train from next time onwards. Travelling in Ola is wastage of money which I felt it today.
            